It's Takane. Welcome to Toruya in the locker that practices Zero Car.
For those who want to start
What you need to do to build a development environment using one of them
I will explain the whole thing. What is a locker? To easily create a development environment.
It's a tool
Development environment exhibition
9 It's not quite difficult Wow
I was just a mirror, it seems like I'm going to be frustrated, so when I use Tsuchida
Development environment You can make it with just one sound, because it's so convenient
If you are a web company, you can use it as a standard, so it is also useful for regular jobs.
In this course, use some of them for ambient light
I will explain with people what is necessary to build
It is necessary to use one from the basic usage of the locker
As a surrounding soil ceremony and even as a project
We will go through the process of building a web application development environment.
In the project, as an environment construction for web applications
I will build the environment of Tales and do it with a car
In addition, build up to ci cd
I'll do it on the automatic beach of s tone deploy
Don't worry if you don't know anything
I'll teach you everything from scratch, and you don't have to just learn something
Learn together up to inax legislative cacd
Relaxation and surely cia cd will continue to be indispensable for on-site development
is
This course, which you wanted to make something in your portfolio, is the perfect composition
I think
Don't worry even beginners in blog ranking What I learned in 4 days
Even if you have a frustration, please be worried
I'll build up even one by one from scratch.
Because you will be able to build relationships somewhere without it
I say with care l I've been a manager for 6 years, and I'm developing every day
Some of them have been used before, so they will be needed at the actual development site.
I will tell you the skill Loan
It's really convenient to use, so let's enjoy some world together
[music]
From here on, what do you call a car and what do you like when your mother uses it?
I will talk about
It ’s easy to develop an app.
It ’s a mechanism that allows you to ploy.
It's hard to build an environment. If you try to run an application
Various libraries for os with coin Sudo
At the age of, I got an error and responded to that error and installed the library again
I repeat that
Environment construction eyes
Then it's not easy to get clogged, it's not quite difficult, and it's difficult to move even if it's a day
It doesn't work below that.
It's moving, but it doesn't work for me
Why did Tara appear when he stopped running?
Lockers are os, etc.
The library application code is not packaged even in the first act
This is all from me
You can run an application that can be used by riding with a performance with
You don't have to do your own library ins and everyone works the same
Wow, it ’s really ward, and this can be used before the production environment.
Without the North Sea, it ’s not just the people in your environment.
Desu
And install the library one by one for the production environment
Well, I get an error and restart the library again.
It's annoying
But if you have a locker, both the test environment and the production environment will be with this os and library
Just put in a package of application code
It's just that much. Well, like this, you can easily develop and deploy a docker t application.
It is a mechanism that can be done
By the way, deploying means releasing to the production environment. You can easily create a development environment.
Unify the test environment and production environment that can unify the development environment with the team members that can be prepared
can
This is nemato
It's a nice place to use my mother, so it's an overview of somewhere.
I will enter a good story from
[music]
For mac
Let's build some environment
For windows, I will do it next time.
It means to prepare the environment to execute
I need it for this course
it
Charm 2
vs Cut the code and use somewhere
Match what you need when developing
I will install it because I will put the url in the summary column for what to install
Please take a look there. Brief explanation one by one
First of all, as what is necessary for building an environment
i-term 2 This is software called terminal
It ’s the one you use to operate the computer with commands.
That command is better than that, even if you can't operate it like this on a screen such as a mouse.
You can operate it and you can operate the computer freely.
The mother enters a command and basically operates it.
By default, the Mac has a terminal, which has a lot of money.
Well, it's more feature-rich than its defaults and looks cool and year-customized
Because it's easy
Eco
This is recommended. It's popular. To the other party The second and second things necessary to build an environment are
vs code This is a popular text editor
There are a lot of functions that can be applied to the leader.
But it ’s much more productive than using my super sister.
It ’s better to use an editor that is absolutely dedicated.
If you use female tea, you might lose your life.
I think it's a level that can't be said anymore. It's so convenient.
Eater is various
But above all, the vs code is the first basic function required for development
My wife said that the cats were all in one place and that the movement was lightweight.
It's highly customizable, isn't it?
It ’s very popular now and it ’s a recommended editor.
Only what is necessary to build the partner environment
The claws are tight. I'm sure you will need to manage the saloon of the source code.
Will be
It's the time and management when I fixed that pile
When you can return to the previous state and something is wrong, who changed what you wanted to return to the previous state
I mean
Tools to look back
Well, when you use one, you can get the source code of the cat.
I keep it online, but at that time
You'll need a kit. That's the fourth thing you need to build an environment.
It's the 4th, this time it will be the leading docker, so I will install in the order of these four sounds
Let's do it, but first of all, let's go to the place to install the open arm 2
I think it's a good idea if you gouge it like 2
I searched in the browser Yes
Tam 2's cat homepage Sukune Open here
There is a button called Download at the bottom, so click here.
Will be downloaded to Eco, saved and downloaded.
Open the zip file
I wonder if I can expand my dinner with this
Get a lighter normal I wonder if it's an i-turn
8 Let's put it in this application
You should be able to squeal and install it.
I'm in the application, so click here to open it.
It's ok
I opened it. It's opened safely. It will expand a little.
You are here
8 If you open this, you can save it.
Let's use something like ls.
And press enter
Then, in the folder you are in now
Folder and file list in Mr. Hosono Ema ls is displayed when pressed
Be done
I will introduce various commands later, but in this way.
Well, typing commands to operate a computer is a linux command.
And the terminal will be the screen for that.
Someone will operate using this command, but then vs
Let's move on to the installation of the code For Frauser vs Code
Please google like
Then, this one is code .visual studio.
Please open the page called com This is the official page of vs code
It's like Download for mac
Click here to round. Press Save. So this was saved.
Unfold the zip and open it
This icon called visual studio code here
I will put it in the application
I wonder where it would be if I put it in this application
visual studio code click to open
Let's open it here
Now you can open the visual studio code
And this, for example, when you press a new file
The file is created with, so it will be in the form of applying the source code code that is here.
First of all, I'm trying to do some initial setup and it doesn't have some useful extensions
I'm going to put
I used to use my voice for a while, but I bought it someday.
but
And everyone a little
I don't think it's in there, but first of all, I want to have a Japanese face, so japanese
there were
This is japanese slang match pack for visual
with studio code
Put this in and the Audino instrumental button around here is now installed.
I do
I think there is an install button, please install here
After installing this, you can start the vs code once west.
Now I'm doing this to the menu
The person is in Japanese, but in this way
a Well, if the menu is in Japanese, the default is English.
I think it would be convenient if I put it in Japanese, so I'll go back to Japanese first and then use somewhere this time.
So you can search for it with your mother and it will come out.
Let's install this up to docker
Edo or Shiratori Yesterday, it's convenient to rotate the sound code of somewhere.
I'm getting
Please press the install button. Follow me with love and then install with a discount.
I will postpone this
Oops
Search for pets
It will come with this, so click on the top page Kochan bit.
Click on the ket
It comes out like a download here.
Press the download button to download the edit sound.
I chose
A thing called Su Wu Form Pre, which comes out like Road for mac
Please use
It's common to install it. Air's home pretty.
It's useful in various ways. Manage the version of such libraries and packages.
This is the one who will give it to you. If you are a phone player, click here.
What is von Prima when it comes out
If you don't have a chair, it's like this installation legal department style.
Copy the part where it is written and install it the terminal you just installed
Open it
Try doing this by pasting it into this terminal
Enter your computer password
Because
Since it is already included, there are various errors, but install it here
I think i can do it
After installing the picture book and Lee
You can continue
I'm running this Brew installation kit
I've run it in the terminal so far with the Brew Install Guid and this is me a little
It's cut and included, so it's a bit of a food liner, and maybe it's authority management
Well, it's a little messy, but it's probably this
I think it will be included, so abit is included.
Let's display the version of the tit to confirm that the bit can be used properly
If it is displayed with the hit hyphen distribution version and this, it will surely be correct
I have installed it
Press here enter
I'm sure a version has come out. If it looks like this, install Good
Is successful Yes finally
I'm going to install the docker of the main subject.
Please give me
Well, there was some docker on the www.dogger.com page
Open
You can get it here, so click here
Download Ada Docker Desktop for mac
Click here to download
Click
In love, I'll open this Docker's Aiko Netlock & Rad Up
I will put it in the application If you go in the application, this is it
Click somewhere in the application to start it
The other party will open and open when you press
This is a whale marker Hey in this way
When you start it, it will be like running without a desktop.
It's like this
The docker is running, so to check the face that somebody started.
Let's open the terminal again somewhere hyphen hyphen
Please enter the version
this
Outputs boo version information Canoe version 4 para
It means that the locker is properly installed and running.
Yes, the environment is now built for Qanun Boo Boo windows
We will build a locker environment. For mac, skip to the sea in front of you.
please
Building an environment means writing a program or preparing an environment for executing a program.
That's what you need this time is windows terminal
vs codegit wsl 2
Something that will be necessary when developing with somewhere
Let's install it together. If you want to play something, put the url in the summary column.
Put
I will explain one by one briefly. First of all, what is necessary for building an environment
It will be a windows terminal This is a par
It's software that becomes
You can operate that command even if you can not operate it on the screen such as a mouse
You can operate the computer freely.
The screen for entering that command will be the windows terminal.
Bounce on windows by default
The software for the attacking terminal is included, though.
Because it is convenient to be able to connect to various execution environments for each tab in the windows terminal
I will use this
It is the es code that gives the second and second things necessary for building the environment.
This is a popular text editor
It has a function that makes it easy to use. Aso It's much more productive than using Notepad.
It ’s better to use an editor that is absolutely dedicated.
Even if you buy it with a notepad, it's a bit of a loss of life.
I think I can say that there are various ways to organize, but among them vs
The code is
Basic functions required for development are included from the beginning
Lightweight movement is due to customization
It ’s very expensive, so it ’s a very popular editor.
The third and third thing you need to build a relationship is Git.
It is the role of the gimmick to manage the difference of this sound source code.
If you make a mistake when you modify that file, you can return to the previous state.
daeg what changed
It will be a tool to look back on the source code when using one
Hey, I want to get it, and I also store the source code online.
At that time, I need a kid, so I will use this as well
The fourth thing you need to build an environment with love
This is a double sl 2
Make relaxing children available on windows with virtual machines
It will be a mechanism to do
linux is os and web services are linux os
Is basically developed on
So I use this wsl to build in a relaxed ridge virtual environment.
After that, I will do it with the configuration of running somewhere on the linux environment I made now
increase
Well, in windows, docker directly, it's hard to operate
Well, this is because it slows down the movable property
I think the method is the most comfortable to move
Yes, the fifth thing you need to build an environment is Docker.
This time it will be the leading role, so these five
Let's install in order This is first from the windows terminal
I will install it. Open your browser.
windows
If you dive into something called Carmilla, you will get windows Termi
Click here for clothes on the site called microsoft store Yes
Here
Click first to take a look at the system requirements
Then the true version information of my sister windows
Yoisho is displayed here
Masu de
What is this? If you press the windows mark + r button
A screen like this comes out and it's like a winper here
Please enter this when you press ok
Now you can check your windows version
And the eco version is this one type version
1362.0, this female version also needs to be new
Or if it's old, please update windows
On the navel 8 I will get it from this place microsoft
Let's open the store
Click here for the key Install button when opened
However, the installation is complete.
Let's press the start button.
You can switch the connection destination in the windows terminal with the material part.
If you make a down arrow here and make a taboo sound or receive an award, you can connect now in this way
Candidates for
It will come out, so do you use it this time? Windows is called powershell.
Click to use the power seal
If you connect to that other environment, you may get an error even if you enter the same command.
Because
Let's use powershell this time with colors
Let's check the position to see if it works with powershell Kim
Type ls and press enter
a Let's go in and out, but what I'm doing is now
The directory of that directory is a folder.
Well, the folders and pas contained in it
It will be a command that displays a list of files like this
To operate a computer with that command
It will be the role of the terminal Yes, then continue to install to vs code
Let's
vs
I googled like a code, but this is the second one that came out.
Click on the site code .visual studio .com
Let's open
When you open this, click the button called Dard Way India Vortex
Click here for the other party Press Save here
I'll open the file. Let's proceed quickly. I agree with the next.
This is also next as it is
Next, I'm going to set up additional tasks for this.
I think I'll check all of them here, especially if it's big, and I'll add it to this pass
is not it
Please check the cars only for the voice of the first person
When I try this, when I use Amacha in the terminal vs. code operation
Because it doesn't work
Be sure to put it on, then press Next
I will install this as well Yes
Installation is complete. Click here to know the completion button and open it.
It will be visual studio code, but it looks like this
The file can be opened and you can enter text when you enter it.
It ’s easy, is n’t it? It ’s the initial setting.
I've cleared the mark and clicked on it. I'm managing extensions from now on.
But I'm going to tell you a little bit about what you need.
Please enter like japanese
Would be nice
rice field
japanese Lang Match pack for visual studio
It comes out like a code
Menu Japanese is before I get rid of it Now the menu is in English like this
So here, press Install and let's translate it into Japanese in the menu.
Put
However, when I restarted, the menu became Japanese when opened.
I think this is easier to do, so let's do it
There is another thing I want to pin strike, and I know this extension and take a picture here.
Please enter in
This is convenient when developing docker, so let's install it
This time with a, it's okay without Nishikido This variant
Installed and damaged
Is installed This completes the vs code installation
However, let's continue with the installation with Off
I will search by opening the browser and turning it off.
Click the sound of cm .com t
Here
The download button will appear, so press the download button.
Let's save in love Yes, click here to open
I will proceed with the idea next I will leave it as it is next defeat
It's okay to leave it here ps
And here as it is next is here Tuning default editor
Youth by Bid, so select the text that you want to use by default.
increase
Let's install the code and set it to the cat earlier
s visual studio code azu
I will select the default editor without lit
Let's do next, so do mom next
So it's a little important here, but this is a recommended place
If you set the path in the path setting, please
l Mac, it doesn't work, so this is it
r Check the recommendation now and continue to extend as it is
Then press next. Here too, continue with next.
This is also Makes
Here and next here and next
The pick is a piece sound quest.
It's ok with next, but let's finish with
The installation is completed with this window
Search like lid
If you ask me, Git pash is big. I'm sure I'll use it from seeds on this day.
Let's go and see if it can be used properly.
I'm sure it's a hyphen hyphen
Enter the version and press enter
Yes, the version information with the discount is output.
If the version information of the get is output with this, the kit can be installed properly
We are
In ia, then enable wsl 2
I will build a linux environment on windows This time it is called docker
Please search for
The site is a cat www.Docker.com sound Please open the first page
There is no such thing as going into the bottom of the sun
Here
Please open this will be the official Docker documentation 9 Download &
Press install
There is Docker desktop for windows, so click on it
please
Don't come and install Docker. The official docs tell you how to do it all.
So I can't watch it 1
Why is the 9th page? Basically, pro and windows
I'm like a professional, so I think there are probably more windows products, so this
Next to
Click on the install docker desktop towards the windows form
I will do it at home
I think professionals can protect in the same way as this time.
You opened this place with love.
That is written
Let's use this version of the bar windows body here
Please update it
And here is the point wsl 2
Well, I have to activate my sister, so here is microsoft
It says documentation, so here is microsoft
I will open the document
Microsoft document This is in English now, but en us
Url place
from ja jp
It would be nice to use ja jp in Japanese
After all, let's see it in Japanese, while looking at page 9 in high
wsl 2 I will enable it
Well, the procedure for the number of coins is written here. For details, please do it while looking at.
No
First of all, the first procedure is people
Windows subsystem for fax must be enabled to this time admin
So open powershell and run this command
Open windows Termina
This is the cover sticker
Let's keep it open Run windows terminal as an administrator
More and more start process power for that
Ah cher .exe
Enter the space distribution bar ran azu and press enter.
increase
Then press yes here
Then this will open in the form of an administrator powershell This blue guy
It ’s powershell as an administrator, right?
Then this is open
If you are a browser of the news report, copy it and copy the command.
The administrator will execute the previous command.
Yes, I was able to do it, so let's go back to the browser.
This is basically a system with the wind and action of updating wsl 2
Let's update with None-chan and update windows
By the way
It is written Next, it is about enabling the function of Maru-san virtual machine in the procedure.
Hey
Again, as an administrator, open powershell and run this command
Copy
I will paste and execute here with the power ca opened by the administrator
After completing the idea voice, let's go back to the browser again.
Reboot
I went to the festival because it says that the installation of wsf 2 is completed and the fishing made by wa will be updated.
Please start it Yes, from where it ended on the site, I will resume the video.
Opponent is Nishikido finished Procedure Maru 4 a linux Kernel update
I hope this is where you download the update package.
Let's keep
Click here to install, download and download it
Please open and run
So I've done this too, skip here for a moment
I will do it after the next step
Where to set Fani w sa 2 as the default version
I will execute this command with the power seal, so this time I will use normal power
It's ca
In the administrator, paste the command ahead to the normal power c
System this is big to run
I've done so far to the other party, but please return to the field browser and next
Select this relax distribution to install
By the way, relax and install it. This time, 10.04 in l minutes.
lts
I'm going to drink alcohol. Let's open it. The boots are relaxing.
There are several types
Among them, Eva is an easy-to-use and popular os distribution and
say
Click here to open the installation microsoft
Open the store
Here so install bo
Let's click. Installation is complete. Then, it's the same as 3 voices.
Please use the version. Well, if the version is different, the command will be different.
I wonder if it is easier to use the same version because it may cause an error unnecessarily
think
Let's start it by pressing the start button here
If you look at ad here
The user name came out as an input form, so please enter a suitable user name.
Please enter your password
Please enter something appropriately Then miscarriage dimple password in 3 voices
Be sure to remember it before saving various things at Far Slate
I will enter the password too.
Stall is complete Now you can use it for your child
Yes with this
Running nacs on windows with wsl 2 enabled
It is now possible
Then I want to finally get into somewhere in the main subject
Before that, it's only here 8 The cat windows cat ws 2
I'd like you to have a document to enable it.
If you get an error while installing the cat here
At the bottom of this document, it's called troubleshooting Ys etc.
There is a corner, so please take a look at this and give it a try.
think
This is what I did when setting up the job rank, there were various water errors, right? After all, I wrote it in my heart.
I'm doing various things
It was okay, but it's late. Depending on the environment of the fixie's computer, it depends on the computer.
This seems to cause an error, so that's what happened.
please look
By the way, I basically recommend Mac as a development environment for web development.
I'm sorry, that's why
When making this development relationship, windows is easier to timbre traversing, isn't it?
Once you can create an environment, you can develop both windows on a base mac
However, the fin image is a little troublesome to the point of creating the development environment.
I wonder if a Macker with a worker key can be developed smoothly.
I recommend Mac in the dark, but it's not
Next is the installation of the main subject docker.
Please go back to the docker documentation.
The desktop is windows home.
If you look at it, it's called installation from here.
It's not written, but if you do as it is written in this document, there is no problem
You can install it. First of all, Docker Hanyu is the place to go.
If you open Hanyu somewhere, there is a get docker here, so click the button here
Click to save here
Yes, this is the installation
I will click here for volume I will continue to do yes
Enter and check both of these versions Well ok Let's push especially the big snake
It's around the cat Place l 2 Check it in
I will do ok after checking the colors Yes Installation is completed
I'll press the close button.
Let's go back to the four seasons document 8 What to do next?
If you close it, you will hear a search sound like this.
Search with my mother, somewhere on my desktop and desk, so click here
If yes, the cat's 9 o'clock mark will appear
Somehow it says is starting now, but this whale-san mark
After a while, it starts up like this.
Docker desktop is running cat
If you do running, it will start properly, so it's okay.
It's a tutorial, but I don't need to do it right now.
I will do a tutorial
Yes, this is Docker has started properly
Don't say, then do some one and finally execute that one command
How to operate Mother's Association
8 s ne windows open par 3 r here
This window star closed a little once
My wife will start again with windows terminal
If you restart with, write the part where you clicked the treasure trove of this tab
I think there is
Please click on the place where it's raining.
It's linux
Ubuntsuka ws
Ubuntsu built for fishing was able to connect with voice windows terminal
from
Since the operation of my mother is on the cat's Ubuntsu, everyone in the future will be a wind star
From the manufacturer, this Ubuntsu connection is connected and the spread of creation is widespread.
Please operate it. Future videos will be explained on Mac.
Just star
The operation command itself is the same for windows and Mac.
So let's open this Ubuntsu and then operate with the same command
For Sinne Eeg, I'll try to move it somewhere with Ne-chan once this time.
Type in the hyphen version of the distribution and press enter
The version information of somewhere was output.
Docker is working properly
Now the environment construction is complete. Thank you for your support.
[music]
From this time on, I'll learn the basic Dynax commands.
Why do I need to learn linux commands?
When you use it somewhere, you use that command
That's why it's a [ __ ] method
If you don't know the degree of spoman, you can't operate it in the first place.
What's more, it's a cat's server, or when you operate a computer, it's a little bit
I have to know that I can't come because I use commands
The reason for the inconvenience is, conversely, if you know this poman, you can operate any server.
Loose floor
Why is it convenient when manipulating data?
Well, it's inconvenient because you can't operate it without knowing it.
Oh yeah yeah yeah this command is skew that doesn't change even after decades
Why you can continue to use it 10 or 20 years after you wear it
It ’s a good morning, is n’t it?
First of all this time
In the first place, after talking about what Dynax is, it's a shell to relax and use.
I need something like that, so talk about that shell
And finally, I'll try using it with the basic sound linux command.
I'm wondering if I should go
Hey, I know what linux is a That's programming
It's the one that comes out about when you do it, right?
Finax tinner os sound A kind of reason
os runs a computer
Basic software before mac os x or windows
android or something like that
This dinack is when you make a web service
It's the mainstream to develop with features, isn't it?
Of course it has something to do with docker
One of them is a cat-to-cat development environment for developing web services.
It's something to arrange, but somewhere p is from this os
The code to spend this library and application in middleware etc.
I mean, a group of things
I don't know why, even when using Dongshi somewhere, this linux os place
Is often developed using linux
The reason why you can't operate docker without using this linux
For example, if you don't know how to operate the Mac, you can't develop it on the Mac.
that
I wonder if it's impossible, so how do you operate this relaxation?
It's like windows on a Mac or something like a mouse
I don't think how to operate it
Once again, you just tap the screen to operate it like a smartphone.
I see, it ’s true that such an operation is also possible.
So don't actually use commands
Command, you type on the computer with the keyboard to convey the command.
Hmmm, that kind of troublesome thing
Well that's the old days that gui
That said, there is no function that can be operated with this mouse, and the command mother deer Nixon
You said you couldn't operate the computer
It ’s good that the habit remains as a remnant.
And another one, for example, a mouse.
It's annoying to operate files all at once, isn't it?
For example, all files in this directory
Even if you change all the expansion points that you want to change by winning the eyes
You have to offset each one one by one, but if you use this command you can use these files
Batch operation
It's more efficient to do it in one shot, isn't it? It's actually better to use commands
Well, I just feel like it's annoying.
I'm getting used to it, because I'm really buying convenience
So what you need to do when using commands when operating that linux
Shell and terminal
Shell terminal What's that different
A shell is a sound for receiving linux commands and outputting the results.
software
When you enter a command, the shell interprets the command and tells you to relax and relax.
Executes the instruction and executes it
The face shell returns to the user
Yeah, there are a lot of things that act as an intermediary between users and duckboards.
The terminal is responsible for the screen for entering the child band.
The software that the terminal provides I / O in the meantime Landner
I don't mean that the shell is moving in Akar
Why are the two different? The one that isn't good is the terminal
On the other hand, Shell interprets this linux fund for the reason that it is in charge of the cat screen.
Reasons for the role of interacting with linux
This is a different role, so these different roles
Separate
It is more efficient if you can develop each one
Hmmm ok ok isn't it
Enter the command in the terminal when operating with that command on linux
Then Sherpa interprets the command and tells relax to relax barge
I mean, that's why prefectural bonds Well, that's what it is
Now that I understand the whole picture of the mechanism of operating linux, it's quick.
Let's use
This time, I just want you to know this. Introducing basic relaxation and Randne.
Let's go
Open the terminal and Mac
For those who open i-term 2 and for windows
What
Now windows Termi opens and from there it's the one who opens it.
So I'm going to use a Mac
Let's use the linux command. Let's start with the ls command.
The ls command is like this, type ls and press enter
I can do it quickly, but this
The directory where you are now
A directory is a folder in that directory.
See the list of files contained in it and the directories it hangs on.
It's the one that displays it. Well, by typing in the cat's ls now, I'm in the world now.
Well
I'm in a place called my home directory
But the files included in the 9 there
A list of directories is displayed
And this depends on the environment of that windows or Mac or mac
What is displayed now is different, so it is the notation of the sound display around here.
There is a difference in the contents displayed, so don't worry about it this time.
Let's get the pwd command.
You can tell that pwd is entered like this, but this is it
What's out is that the directory you're in is displayed
The pwd command displays df where you are
Listen Then, use the cd command to move the directory.
Command to do This is where I am now
Even Slash Users are white at school
If you say it to the directory, this is called the home directory.
It would be nice if the home directory was written in full like this.
If you write it in tilde, this is your home directory or here.
That's why there is a directory like this under Emaair Jektori
Because there is
Somewhere like this
Let's move a little, for example, let's move to documents
Then cd as a classmate and then press enter
In my case, the directory where I am now is displayed here.
If not, I'm in the sound of documents
If you check with the diameter wd
Get even Slash Users Gakuen Then I'm in Slash documents now
Is moving
Actually, when I try ls, it's a different file or folder than before.
You can see the contents, but then continue
I thought I'd try a command to create a directory with mkdir.
think
mkdir For example, if you say something like this, this and the name of the car
A directory will be created
Let's run it here. Press ls to check it, and it looks like this.
I don't think that a directory called was created here, because it was created by the director.
Let's take a picture with cd and move to the mother
If you ls the end with any card, now
Since I just created the directory, nothing is displayed now.
Hey
You can create a new directory by using mkdir like this
Well then next is Dutch Command
You can create a new file by using touch commands
Haha
For example, if you attach it to your house, your voice
You can't create a file named Attachment. Let's check with ls.
This is how the file attached to the suit is created. It's called touch like this.
By using a command and then specifying a name, the sound of that name is a new file
Is done
Yes, next time at the meeting, I'll give you a pretty command. Let's do a little bit.
Let's make it like a halo, so specify the file as attached
Then what I'm doing is a string called Hello
Is written in the contents of this tape file
this
Well, code it, that's it. It means to call this wording and write it.
But if you write it in an attachment
You can write this character string called "Hello" in the contents of the attached file.
Next is the fat command.
Now look like the string hello in the attachment
For some reason, the cat command is used to check the contents of the attached file.
The contents of the attached file will be displayed where the cat is attached.
Since it came out as a halo, the contents of this attached file are the way to hang a halo.
Next, the s command looks at the contents of the file in the same way as a cat.
But my allies are a little different and when I actually try it
If you call it a less store, you can understand this a little like this, so now it's before
This is displayed on the screen. The cat just before is usually like this.
Although the character string is output in the screen of
If you attach it to the train and this character string is displayed on the full screen, this is hey
You can use it, but if the contents of the file are long, it will be long
It's easier to see and more convenient to use this lesson when it's good, so when it's eco-friendly, 95
opqr sound queue
Press to break through and finish Yes Next
Move command You want to move the position of the file or change the file name.
Good to use when
Moveco wants to rename the lube attachment to the file name Attachment 1, for example.
More existing file names
If you specify the file name that you changed after that to Move
Yes, I got an error and why is this? Please wait a moment. Keep calm.
Think normally like this
It ’s nv nv I ’m like Move last summer
Because I was pronouncing it without abbreviation, it was like a move.
I've done 200, but it's actually m v fe Original file
It's okay to enter a new file name, no error
It's squirrel misumisude. It's ls 4 to check the changes.
Looking at this, there is actually an attached ante file among the directors right now.
You can see that the file name has been changed.
However, in the second generation, when deleting a file with the Remu Aid command or Move command
command
dm web If you attach it as Caddy Move Attachment 1 with the attachment removed, this is it.
The file disappears when I press enter s When I check the energy
Yes this is because the file is actually gone
No, this is ok. You've seen all the commands.
And the one I saw this time, all the sleeps are important
Speaking of this guy's role, if you can master it, the basic operations are easy.
You can do it, so please use it over and over again.
Let's get used to it Yes, that ’s all for this time.
[music]
From here, try using one of them.
I would like to learn the basic usage and the basic neck.
If you've tried using it somewhere but don't understand
I don't know the part of the mechanism
It's a case of being confused as if you don't know how many people are
Because there is, first of all, while using Nedoka, the basic place of the neck
Let's suppress it. After seeing this, some spring has suppressed the basic sound mechanism like this.
It ’s the best way to use one of them in the future, so it ’s the basement.
Now that the place is ready, let's use it immediately.
Well then, let's open the terminal and start the year immediately
This time, enter something like Docker Learn Hello World and press enter.
Please give me
Yes, the cat was output as a little gwar.
Um, this is Docker running and saying um yeah
I'm here at the top, I'm going somewhere with a halo, but with a long docker with a halo
If you are strengthened properly, you will be successful.
Well, this spring the docker stood up and took a bath this spring
It outputs like a dance car a The file is being executed
Actually, the money that this day happened
I would like to deepen my understanding while watching
So, there are quite a few technical terms from here, but when you learn by yourself, you know the technical terms.
For example, when I did a good research
Emma
Since it is easy to take a bath, I dare to call it decontamination
But don't worry, the meaning will be explained one by one.
So what's happening is that I created a container from the image and this time
You're starting it
What is corn
It's an execution environment somewhere. From that os.
The application is the execution environment that is one set.
That's the word container
It's called issuance. Imagine it, but the container doesn't bounce.
I'm going to use it in the flow of making it and starting it afterwards
In this case, when you start the container
Display like Hello Fromm
Contains application code
That's why it was executed, so the image describes what is necessary for the container
It is a template
There is an image on this day, and based on that, the actual execution environment called a container
There is a cat model called the image to be made
From there, I prepared an environment called a container and started the container.
That's why
This is the image and the cone at the first root.
Because there are two dockers
Only here, hold it firmly and let's do it.
If you hold it down
More details I think I'll take a look at what's happening in the year
So what did you do this time?
Rokka Down at the terminal Well, I ran it like Hello World, so the lesson
There's always something like docker, and that command
You told the daemon to do the task
And this client of docker client is the client
First of all, the client called Deco Docker Client
Got 2 demons &
If you tell them to execute a task, some daemon is a command of this cat.
You will receive it
So what is this some daemon running in the middle of the background?
Is it an image of receiving a command that executed priant money?
An application that operates a container
A daemon is an application that keeps running in the background.
Generally called a daemon
Yes, somebody receives this command task called Hello World.
What are you doing?
Car resist taking the image of a docker called Hello World
How much do you get? There are two lockers where you can save your images online.
Strine
The image is uploaded to somewhere in the distree, and when necessary
Docker 0 Another image from this registry Loacker to your computer
In the way you get it
The flow is the result of creating this pena from the acquired image, starting it, and functioning.
It was displayed as a halo from docker, so if you summarize the processing flow for the year
First, when you execute the command in Maruichi Terminal
If you circle with, the docker client will
I will tell the command to some example sentences
After receiving the command from Marusan somewhere, the image is first registered in the registry.
I will get from
Maruyo
Once you have an image, it's time to create a container from that image
Since the container is started after the Marugo container is created, the result of starting the container
The word hello from docker was displayed with
Because this is the whole thing, to have a sound image in this whole thing
It ’s more important than anything else to use it.
If you keep this long ne-chan and ne-chan, what is your mother doing when you use it somewhere from now on?
You will be able to grasp it properly
That's why I tried using the shooting car and saw the whole picture of somewhere
Thank you for your support
[music]
from here
I will do it by creating an application with docker and executing it
As an aim, I want you to acquire some image and basic operation of the sconteller.
you know
The most important thing is the image
One container is the reason. The operation of docker is based on this image and the computer.
It's an investigation against
And if you finish reading without here, where do you start?
Basically, you can do the most basic operation
I've been using it sometime ago, but somehow I'm going to use it
Even if you don't understand the dream, what does that mean?
You can understand it properly, so create an application and run it somewhere
The basic flow is first
Prepare the application code and prepare a file somewhere
That's right, to these two
The image will be this dried up
But I created some image from there and made a container from the image
This is the basic flow of awakening and starting up. This time, we will follow this flow as well.
i Let's start with the action of the application, let's start from the point of preparation
This time, if you prepare the web server with ruby ​​and access the top page
Hey
It ’s just like a halo.
I'm going to make it, so please make a little directory appropriately
I am
Create a directory called Car under the document and go there
I'll work on it, so here's the code
By the way, open the visual studio code with vs code.
Shall I make a file from here? Main. Ruby
Can you see this time? Main. I will create a file called ruby.
Hey
I'll make a little bit right away. Rick is good.
Wow, this time I just made a little sample of ordinary steel with that little rupee.
that
Don't worry if you don't know what Farrell Colle is doing
Um, web a wave Riku
From web lick http server
stp Come on.
What I've been doing in 8 years is using this library called web lick.
This is the web server that comes standard with that ruby.
If you use this, you can quickly create a web server, so I will use it.
By the way, what is a web server?
You often access it with a browser, right? Homepage url and other settings
I think I will access it, but at that time I sent an http request and http
The response is coming back
Well, from the browser or 7 ac tpd quest received meeting cd response
Operation or race server web
The server is an application that has such a function.
Hey
It's called a web server. Well, if you do this, html is well.
That's why you can return a proper response when accessed from a browser.
There is a variable called "What did you do now?"
Make a server
Made with tomorrow and web request http server earth removal
Well, the root of the document is the best, where to refer is the current route
I'm going to go through the same directory and the address ips all Nina dresses
I received the address and wrote that it is port 8000
Live without worrying too much
Let
8 To server degree and man
To
It ’s the top page of the professional club, and this time it ’s only the top page.
I'm going to write a request
Number of notes or end
Hmm
8 What is it? Response fo t 2
This time I'm really doing that kind of mess
Why do you simply display the word halo?
If you return the character string "hello" as a response when the top page is accessed
I am doing that
Yes really let me be a little pretty messy
I've changed things, but when I start the server, I see it with people who can't enter
When you go
8 It's like this when using
Prepare a server, write on the board, prepare a mackerel, and when the top page is accessed, say hello
Server sound setting to return like that
I'm doing something like starting the server after that.
Then this is the application coordination
Mix Now that you have the application code ready and the application code ready
Next, I will prepare a docker file
It's a docker file
Would you like to create something like a file and write the process again until this one?
so
Somewhere in the file, this time I entered it, and what's that?
I'll do it in detail
It will be an evacuation form of the image It will be the base for some files
After the image, the process of Kazuo Matsui who wants to install the library after that
Write down and mother and application coordination child
I wrote such an additional process of adding four or using this, and that do
If you create a new image that creates an image based on the contents of the car phi
I'll do it like that. Well, this is what I'm going to do later.
I'm not sure about the files, but this time it's going to be a little crispy.
Well, how to write is flow life and money
I'm going to enter the frog b and use the 7 series ridge
Well, this is Net Ruby 2.7
There is an image of docker and it is a story to use it
I will use the version 2.7 of the baby
And the lamp nk dir, so maybe www or thinking
When it comes to decorating, the egg is the execution of the command.
Well, nkd, it's a command to create in that directory.
Created a directory called www under the slash bar
Let's copy it next. Eh domain taking doll b Aunt ww
Or copy
What I'm doing is the file I made earlier.
I'm saying that I'll put my voice under www Direct Ena in this bar
Next meeting Tokyo Shukuko 10,000 yen and a 8
ruby kana de
te slash pa www
main. Let's make it in the form of ruby. What are you doing?
It ’s the last command. It ’s executed when you start this image of one of them.
You're doing
Specifies the command to execute when the image is started somewhere
so
b um ruby ​​arbor shake ww main. Ruby-like command
I'm doing that
So, the point is, I have this main rod ruby ​​that I made earlier.
This is doing something to do with this somewhere in the application code
I made that image called a file
Preparations for what is the source of a woman have become one
The nation is the actual sound of this time, isn't it?
Let's start by creating an image-terminal
Open Yes, make an image What is Docker image?
It will be a build command
Speaking of my sister and uh image field
Distribution sample from let's add a tag this time
8 a brick drinking web lick 8 cases test. And what you are doing now
To say
Build some image This means to make some image
This is a distribution pug
It's a little hard to see with the tag.
web lick 0
If you tag it with the name guest
This is the directory where. Is now. This is the directory where. Is now.
It means to refer to some file, so use the voice of the file you made earlier.
It will be in the form of reference.
First name
Tag eyes of that image in space
This is in the form of version information. Now the namespace is a little bit good, so well
Let's make a sample and use web lick this time.
See
Well, I think it's a name that I can't go to so much, but I'm saying it as a name in the form of
Since the version is the latest version, it is called an example test.
If you execute this, images will be created more and more by this
It takes time to make a park image, so here it is
I'll leave it a. Then it seems that you made an image.
I think I should confirm that the image was made, so the image is
The command to check if it was created will be some image ls
How
Buy eye hls
If you try this, you will see a sound of the image that exists now.
I have a lot of images, but there are also samples.
web Rikuto is a tag. Well, the version is 0 test.
That's why we have it now. Now we can confirm that the image has been created.
Venetian eyes If you do something like this, how did that work?
I mean
It's very important to avoid the habit of checking, so I took a picture of a naughty woman and forgot my mother's command
If you do, press it like Docker distribution distribution help
Say that some command list will be displayed
It feels like various commands have come out here. Well, the commands have come out.
increase
And this is the command that you can add directly to some sound command after that.
There are 9 management commands
What do you call it, such as giving a command name after the image?
Please
It will be a list of commands to do, for example
I built an image this time with some image build, but some image
Image of wanting to know the command
If you call it typhoon distribution help, this is the list of commands in the image of Nedoka.
That's how it looks
It will come out. When you give this command, the help of distribution of distribution is
It's convenient, please use it. There is a command about some image.
Add something to the image of some cat and use it
Since I made an image, I created a container from this image and started it.
Let's go
Somewhere in the creation and orbit of the container
Use the run command Let's do it Locker Now
In a run
Optional hyphen p
8000 par
8 ports forward to the departure of the ship and the name is
Nabel Land Ministry from the Ministry of Rick and Acer Npur web leak example test
Canoe and sutra chanting Ponti
Why do you do it with container sound creation and startup sound set
Distribution p specifies the port, and somewhere on the local port 8000
It ’s said that it ’s connected to port 8000.
Doing things
The port of the application is like a guess.
When you start each application
When receiving an external win, specify the port number with an identifier called the port number.
It is designed to specify that it is for this application.
One of the cats
Well, because the Jira picture and the characters are in that environment, it's in that closed environment.
When I try to access my external pato from a computer, the port number of someone else
You need to connect to one of those port numbers, right?
If you look at the 8 files, it's the beginning of the web server.
Since I was taking a picture, what is my farmer saying that I need to specify the lower port 8000
But it's okay, but well, my farmer's home this time 8000
Specify the port
Because it's a container, it's only when you operate the container later by naming it.
I gave it a name, so I named it web lick.
That's the last option I've said so far, what if you specify the image name?
It's about creating a container from an image.
The image is a sample slash web land rice or image eyes
So let's specify this, let's execute
It looks like you got up well with this
I think it's probably running, so check if you can actually access it.
Let's open your browser
Local host I have a local host, so my own
IP address and movie location will be local pos host your own computer
No
I tried to access port 8000
Then I saw this, now it was displayed as a halo This halo is
Earlier
9 main .ruby dene Hello tv to return sponsor bowling
I think I did it but it's back
g Now create a vg dockers application and use the record docker
I've got a place to run a cat
Yes, it ’s a cat, it ’s a life cycle, it ’s a little net container, it ’s a life.
It's basic to create a cycle, start it, stop it, and delete it.
It's the life cycle of the container, so it's a person who fills the container.
I'm going to delete 1 I'm going to delete it, isn't it?
Shall I let you
If you press command c in the terminal, the sound chaos is thin.
When you press it, you can get the process into shape even once.
You can do this if you stop it
It ’s a container, right now, I ’m going to check what the situation is like.
I think it's on orbit somewhere
Please enter ls like this. What is this? Docker walk Ntiane start
It will check the status
Now this is actually the table of contents
I opened it and nothing came out. When I do this, I can make a container list cup in the same place.
But nothing is running
I'll add a meeting scene here
What happens when you put on a hyphen a?
If all the sound containers come out, including the ones that are stopped, I mentioned earlier.
It's called this web lick that I made. Well, it's a little hard to see here, but it's one
But you can see that this is stopped and exists now 8
I wanted to delete it with Mr. Conti k, but already
I submitted it to Control c earlier, so it's a little on the page
Until there
Second half Saki ocn Focker computer spoon rift running computer
What is a web leak?
You can stop the container eyes because it is stopped now
Well, it feels like it's stopped, so if the container then stops.
Um Car Contena Di Move on the web
You can delete the conte by making it big. Was the roof container deleted?
Let's check Dokapon Tena ls distribution date
I'm sorry that something is good.
I think you can see that it disappeared in the web lick's contest earlier.
I'm not anywhere
I've deleted the container. This is the life cycle of Conté.
Create and launch the container you've seen
I've seen that it stops and deletes
Then, cat color is really a sound operation of the container. There are some commands that I use quite often.
I will introduce it
Log and command execution and thickness Finally, I will introduce the cleaning method.
First of all, it ’s a log. It ’s good to develop it somewhere.
Look at Part 6 when you come over, isn't it?
I do analyze it, so I don't know where and how to try it.
It ’s very important. I use it a lot. I want to take a look at the tools.
Because there is no container even though it is running now
I think I'll let you do it once with a city that doesn't have a lot of money.
Well, it's the command I mentioned earlier, isn't it?
I think I'll let you do it, as you can see from the previous look
That child Mamapu dominated the screen for this on the cat's terminal all the time
It's chau
Because it will dominate with that 5
I can't use the terminal screen, so I thought I'd run it in the background once.
More and more with the option distribution d to run in the background for that
increase
Then you can run it with this, but this terminal screen
magine It will be in a form that you can use freely
Let's check if it's somehow the underlying ls
It's running, the container is here
Then, in order to get a red log, once the Prouser is a local host
Access port 8000
I'm going to keep it, so I got access to this
I think it's poisonous, so I'll check the tools. Docker Underlying Naro
Goods
You can check the log with goods such as web Rikuto Doka Imazutsumi, and enter the container name.
Specify
It's a container called Brick, right? Let's specify
Then this is a little
I can see it, so I'll make it easier to see from above again.
Then this becomes a web lick's tool, and the break's log is in it
In the form of displaying it with a dog of somebody, do it like this
You can see what kind of access there was
This real mouth
I don't often use it when there is something wrong with the analysis system.
Please remember this docker as the underlying log spoman.
Yes, then let's see how to execute another command. Some of the sounds are running
When you want to execute another sound command in the container of
There is a lot
I will tell you how to do it, so the command used at that time is somewhat fundamental
It ’s an exec command. Well, how do you use it?
Gar root nerf clause a wave In the human district, for example, ruby ​​distribution v
You can use it like this.
Specify the command that you want to execute by specifying the container and brick.
Specify the version information of ruby
If you specify something like this, do this for this command ruby ​​distribution in that container
It is a command that outputs ruby ​​version information, isn't it?
I understand that I'm using 2.7 molds.
a Then, finally, let's take a look at the cleanup command.
plume
I use the command "Dokka-su"
I'll put it like a distribution goal, yes, a complaint.
What I do is an image or a container that I wouldn't use if I used one of them.
The capacity of the half disk that is accumulating more and more
It puts a lot of pressure on me. At that time, I go individually like I erased the container.
You can say it with care, but the ones you aren't using right now
There is a command that erases it all at once, and somehow it is distributed to Docker System Purune a
Become
Is it really okay to do this? It's okay to come out
When I press the champion, all of them disappear now and the sound is completed by voice. I'm not using it now, but it disappears.
Hey
The sound capacity of this tower 610 8.5 mb has opened.
That's why I took a picture in front of here and run a web server with a car and it's an image
I've just done the basic operation
Thank you for your support
[music]
I'll start with some files from here. With the image of somewhere before the last time
There is a general way to operate the sound of the container.
I've seen the basics, but it's still there, so prepare this Docker 6 image with
By the way
Someone's self image
8 If you can prepare it yourself
I know how to operate it after that, so I can prepare the development environment myself.
Then how do you use that image for the year?
I used to make it from a file somewhere. The file is the true image.
With a template there
The image to be the ace is specified and the library to be used later is installed.
Library
I'll give you instructions on how to use applications.
I'm going to write it. You can widen it from this docker file.
If you can make it, it will be hard steel, so I will do it this time.
ok myself
I'm in a state where I can create a development relationship, so let's aim for that
Well then, let's do it. Matsumata, please prepare the directory on the right.
I'm going to use a directory called "Sound documents"
Masu eh
This time, it ’s a little more. The pie clothes for the whole file are never called sauce this time.
Prepare the directory in advance
What's in this source directory is that it's in sleep
There is a gem file, so this time as a theme
It ’s called a product, and that baby ’s library is ordered.
I think I'll move it, and when it comes to products, it's like rails.
It ’s a lot of money, and it ’s got a lot of functions.
If it's a full package, it's shikato. That's the thin version of yesterday.
The guy who can make web applications lighter and lighter
La
Well, this time on the Internet Go somewhere through the process of preparing the development environment, some files
I'm going to learn how to make it
As a preliminary preparation, you can prepare a directory called source and put a gem file in it
Make things
I'll write something like this in my file. It's important.
Is it the 7th line? J 6 Sinatra is important
a What I'm doing right now is that my file is a lot of Ruby's rally
It's a package management tool
Library It is a file that manages the installation of this
Become a mechanism
It's a stool. Prepare your own file in this way and put it in it.
Number of installations Jen What is this product? If you press it, the rest
If you use the command to install the gem, it becomes this item and it is a library.
Alive is bad, so this time gem is ruby, but that's
You can install it, so somewhere from this state
Let's actually create a file I will create a file somewhere
Isn't it a little hard to see if there is some par?
Um, isn't it?
Make the location the same as this source directory, first in the location above the project
Please keep
Some files have a source jet, isn't it?
If you make it here, I will describe the file somewhere
How to write a file without a theme is the structure of how to write a file this time
Dene
I want to see it with Flow Nu-chan and write it like Florby 2.7
This is Ruby's Nema Oh, there is an image of that one, and it's called Ruby.
Specify the image version 2.7
You have a docker file with a probe like this.
How many times
First, specify whether to base it on the Meiji era.
Specify this first and then continue above
8 If you are in remission, you should specify the warp directory.
Pacific League
If you specify it in the form of www, it will be nice.
For example
Oh
Good
Directory up or finger
Anything is fine, isn't it? Well, I love working somewhere after this.
I'm going to do various work such as wanting to install it extensively.
That work
I'm specifying a place to do it
So this time it's really good everywhere, but at the bar www
base
I have specified it as a cement work place, so I specified it like this
If there is no directory, it will create one for you.
Next, I will copy the source code used this time into the sound container of Docker.
increase
right
Hit pa
www Ah, well, if you say that you're doing this, copy it.
If you copy it
And a now
I prepared a major directory called source as a directory, and this time in it
I wanted to put all the sound application code in the source df and my brother
There is
That's why I'm putting my files in one application code for now
I'm just in a state
So, first of all, let's copy the environment of this association
Slash bar files under the male directory
This copy command is for copy 3 under the slash www.
By making it like an advertisement
Application code
You can copy it to somebody, so what kind of file is it?
I don't know
I'd like to explain, but somewhere in the file, first specify the image of the race
What kind of work do you do with the image of the base?
I'm going to describe it, so do echo application High-rise there application
Copy the sound source code of the sound, and then install the library
And finally
The command to execute when starting docker
I'm going to write it, but this time I'd like to write the command first.
That time, I ’m gonna play basketball shoes.
I will write a command to start it
That's what I want to do from now on
I want to install myself without any trouble. This docker is now in Terauchi.
So I would like to support the command to install the gem.
If you write this reaction to Docker Fafner in the Azure
I don't think so
It also makes money, because I don't know how it works.
So the way to do it is to start the docker container first and you will not get any money from it
I entered once and there is no container for diesel trains
Enter and run the application or want to actually install the library there
Something like that successful command that worked out
file of
I will take such a way of writing in
Then you can definitely write the right thing.
Since it is 0, I knew that I should turn off the sound docker first.
I want to be able to enter the department and work, so bash
Shell radish It's a kind of shell in the place where you try to start it once
The command is a slash. This b slash flight slash bash is the main startup
I can do it
Specify it as a command to be executed when this container is started.
Well, I made a minimum number of files, so first of all it's poisonous.
Based on docker files
Create some image, start the container, and enter docker
I will do the work of the sound instrument of the library in the order
Let's make an image first
I'm going to tag it with beer, isn't it?
See Sugifu Sinatra a with version 0 test and here in the directory
Execute by referring to the docker file
Let
Yes, I was able to execute it. Next, let's create a Nepepon tenor and start it.
Locker now
It ’s nice, this time I ’ll add the distribution itt option.
What is this
Shell is an interactive program, isn't it?
Even if you know what to give instructions from here, if you run well, you will get a response from the other side
Well command that will be returned The command you entered will be returned
The child & the guy who says that the result will come back is interactive like that
It's a program
Because it is a folder to annex and it corresponds to the program
Not because
Click here to run any saffle interact or program Interactive
It's a mode
This time winter is interactive
It's like taking a picture in mode and starting the mother's container.
It's necessary to clarify it somewhere, isn't it?
The option will be a haiku-style it option, so select the hyphen it option.
If you attach it, it's the container of this docker in interactive mode.
I can tell my mother that I will start it
And depending on that, it ’s a basketball shoe.
You will be able to connect and run the container, but distribute it and continue
Port number
I'd like to specify this time, especially the port number needs to be specified at this time
I can't mess with it, but it's okay even a little later
It is more convenient to specify it first, so I will specify it
sinatra doesn't use the port number that you get 45 in Sleep Porto
The port number on the docker container side here is 456.
I will specify it for 4567
Then with a name option
Let's refer to the thin name container name Sinatra
Next, 8 source coats, sharing a year
I'm going to write a choice about this
The source of pwd is a par www
Something
It's a volume option, so you can use your own computer here.
The host
This one is in this one, but this one is some directory, but now
Somewhere under the source directory of the current directory of
And share it with the barefoot ww tab of the 7th place slash bar
It will be such an option
Well, the point is that I'm phi of the source code of this source directory area now.
It ’s good to say
The rice shape shared by the barefoot www of this slash bar in the locker container
Will be
Well, I'm making a file with a road that I haven't done, so I'm going to do application behavior
Every time I update it, the image is not reflected in the re-creation.
When you do that
It's quite annoying, so add the option that there is no hyphen
If you share the source code, you modified the source code locally.
Such an actor that the source code of the locker's container is also modified
It ’s not hard to develop, I ’ll put this on.
Yes, finally start 8 containers
Let's take a look at that image
Sample white and example test image
Let's write a s 2 to start the container.
Then, the screen of the young tributary that changed the screen with a little imitation of Negi changed like this
This is what happened
And the rocker sound container or the bash that was created and run and instructed by the sports band
I want to start gold, the last command
I think I support Pinbash. It was launched and this time it's interactive.
I ran it in mode so it's just as it is
Now in bash there is no f docker container
It will be in a state like being in
I know if I try to do something like ls, but now the gym file is inside
It's in
If you look at the contents of the gym file with Dehecat, it will come out like this
It's a Jeb file on the side of what happens before the revival. The source of this corridor
The m file is the previous one
This is the place right now this old woman www I'm there
The gem file will look like 9 so the results are now synced
For example, this is not so good, but I erased it a little more and the local side
Hey
It never disappears when you try a big sleeping cat
If you specify that volume in this way, it's real that it's a local change.
In time
It will be shared with some side, or it will be in a state of being synced.
a Then, let's actually install the library from here.
I want to move it
Sina, let's install ourselves
I think the command that depends on it is the band Ru Pan fick distribution undefeated weight
A set path
Well, I'll leave it as a bundle, but think too deeply about this.
It's okay without
This will specify the installation directory for the library Vendor Bundle
Create a directory called
In the full file in the sound library in
So let's write this and run bundle install with this gem
The file can install the library earlier
The j name of Onebu listed in the place called Gem File With this band installation
I will install I can install successfully
Because I was able to install Tanefit
Next, let's create a prime minister file under the source and actually develop it.
I'm going to make a file called tee this time and develop it there
Um, eh
The first thing to write about is rig wire.
I installed Shina Paula and this one.
It is a setting to use Sinatra of the library Next, a little initial setting
I want to keep it
Now figure do
To take a set by
If you set the bind to 0002, give it an ip address of 0000.
It's an instruction to bind it. Don't put it in a container.
When I communicated to the docker gold band from this local computer
To be able to receive any communication
I'm going to use 0000 at the ip address as vine
And finally, the protagonist
This is the instruction this time again a If you come to the top page
If you come to the top cage and get access
8 Go to Hello Day Shop or Hello World
I went there to write an instruction to display it like Hello World
It is written that it will be displayed like the Hello World that came to the top page with Get
increase
These are the big picture. Yes, this is easy, but it's still Sinatra.
The web server should work, so let's run it for a moment.
panna street Eguro j puku ruby
I will run it from the up rod lobby with this, but this band wave clause is ok
The contract to move the processing using the gel file is a curse that band exec
If you attach it like
After that, if you give a file name to be executed by ruby
After using that library, well, after using the gym file, b
You can run the file Let's run
This is safe, now the web server is up
Use a white tiger with your voice Well web lick
A web server called Benberic has been launched.
Let's sing to the web server from the 2 death browser
Teaching what was the machine port such as the old hose or 456
When I was accessing Gobo 67, it came out like Hello World.
This is the process that was being taken by the child's docker.
If the top song is a song by Sina Turn, it will be displayed as Hello World.
I'm sorry
So here, if you browse and access now, somebody will get a communication
I went to the case when it was displayed as noir.
How do you install the library with this?
I knew that it would move
Then, I will reflect this to the gem file after that, it is not an Anshinin file
It will be reflected in the docker file.
Shall I install it?
This time, you can use the one that you can install the driver and do it.
A run is for executing a command
Write the command to be executed at the run point and write the command executed earlier
I will
Reinforced Russet Pass
8 enter an If you write like take
After that, I ran an egg bundle
It was an installation. These two energy. First of all, support the path to install.
When you execute the desert installation, it does a library installation.
Two in the column like this
If you write it, you can actually do it because it is ahead
You can install it. If you do this, the command Akane will be applied to this base image.
Execution Was the command executed on that base image?
The same thing that was done in the guidance is being carried out. Employees This time, the two banks are doing this.
I am writing, but I can also write in 1 second
If you want to connect, use a backslash revision like this and then issue a command
You can also go with one command by connecting with &&
And finally, when I installed the sound library with this, it's the command. Now bash
I'm running, so let's call it again
Command bundled goo tax
Kuruby up. Rupi?
up. You made it run at the end of your debut, right?
So let's do this
When you start the container from where, this bound exec
Ruby up. Ruby is executed
Setting web server money will start automatically
By the way, in fact, Commandante looks like a band league festival ruby.
I think I opened it in space a, but the location of this command is in that space
It will be like separating in the air until now
Yes now
I want to remove the tenor and recreate the image of the saxophone.
Let's start the container First, use command shift or control c
Quit and shut down the web server
Go out and get out of docker once. Then it's a container.
First of all, let's delete it
I think it's a mother book
8 If you delete it in the form of Sinatra or Sinatra
Let's delete yesterday's container and recreate the image
This is a good view of the image, so some image built hypheni sample
Sinatra 0 test. And
It's ok, yes, this is bad
The Meiji era was remade. It's ok, so after recreating the image, it's a big container.
Let's start
This time it ’s a run, but some of these options are lined up in the main residence.
Of
Distribution it is not included, so here 1 ok
Even if there is, it will start, but
Earlier, the shell had to be hygienically activated in interactive mode.
I attached hi-fi
In case of web server 1, it is not necessary to enter Internet Tib mode, so here
I'll keep it running, especially
Those who enter from here and bake it without being active
It's not a server
I saw it in a squeaky voice. The web server is running properly.
Since the web server is running in, open it again in the browser and reload it.
Let's
It is displayed as hello world, isn't it? Actually the web
Looking at Rick's heart, he says that the actual communication is also coming to the get money top page
It's in a state This worked fine
Perfect This is the basic way to write a file and the basic development process.
I have seen
Basically, like I did this time, first go inside the container somewhere.
Execute the command
By reflecting it in a file somewhere that worked
I will write about entering docker, so I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
[music]
from here
We will build a development environment without rails using Docker book pose
So far, the basics of Wales have been completely suppressed.
It ’s a practical web application at the moment.
It's a little difficult to create a development environment.
That web service is just one application
There are many things that do not hold, right? Application + database + for example
Multiple apps like Mart web server
Nication and middleware work together to create a single cat system.
That's why
So if you try to build a practical application somewhere
I have to be able to build multiple applications and build a system
There is no
If you try to make that practical sound web application with only your current knowledge, there are multiple
Container
Each one can be operated individually, and the sound communication design of the container tube
There is no communication, and you have to set the sound for that cooperation.
It's ugly
There
Is the main character of this sound
It's a docker compose. It's written in a file called docker compose or 6
Hey
You can root multiple containers at once.
You don't have to feel it individually anymore
Lane system
It's really easy because it just does it.
First of all, it looks like this
I will define a container under the serve seeds. Sample I wrote this time, for example
It's in the form of a db container and well a db service and a web service.
I want to do that for each service
In addition, it will be a flow to change the setting, I will actually write the details in the later meeting
I will explain while
If you can define it with this, this mekon somewhere now pos m
We will operate the container based on the contents First of all, the basic operation
What you do with illness is not cute. Only the commands change.
If it doesn't change, first build the image
The command for that is somehow pompose
It will be a field if you can build the image
Next, I will create a container and start it.
It's a command called up. By the way, if you add it as an option
You can also run it in the background
Create and start once
When it's finished, now tier's disciples and delete
The command for that will be paused somewhere now
And here is the most basic command, but from here I also use it a lot.
Since there is a command, I will introduce that as well first
The first meeting Docker compose ps
It will display various lists of my sister now
And then somewhere now there is no pose log, this is
It will display the log and then execute the command
This reaction is a little confusing, isn't it? When you execute that command, the hand is the same.
Told
I'll introduce those two. It's a bit similar, isn't it? The first one is now a pose-down service.
Name
Specify it in the form of a command This will create a container and execute the command with it
increase
And another one is now posing
If you specify it as an ex x service command, it is running.
Execute the command on the container This is for executing the second command
But
What's different is that the pompose egg is from scratch.
If you create the container again and execute the command
Docker pump exec is now
The difference is that you execute the command for the running container.
Since the outline of this was used, what to do this time is to blow the rails as the subject
Number sound application This combination
I think I'll make a practical service
And the whole flow is Maruichi
I will prepare the docker file I will prepare it
marni Make initial settings
I will start Marsa Locker with
Diesel train
I like it, and it ’s a long bus that goes under various other heat operations.
I'm going to do it this time
Let's start from the place where some files are prepared
This time I will create a new directory Under the document This time I will rail
I made a directory called Kaa
Let's work with this roof here
See you again vs code. This time, I'll set the key to that file.
We have 3 in advance
First of all, the first one is a file.
Then the second one is somewhere Ponpose or Rufa
You can make a source dict or a gym file by making a third pair of glasses.
It is a composition that it is placed
How about as a car-related file taken directly under the direction project?
From fight somewhere now say pose and mur vinegar
And the actual sound rail vinegar source code is like putting it under this sauce
I think I'll go
What do you do first when you see the whole picture
First of all, let's look at it from the docker file this time.
think
Somewhere file How to write I saw it last time
First of all, the image of the race is specified by the flow, so this time it is 2.7 of ruby.
Use
Next, there are a lot of cats in the south raver mess, but here
We have installed the necessary sound library this time.
Well, to be more specific, with node js
Install the density js with pad get install
I'm over there
I am doing that I have installed it here, so on top of that
Messed up party
I'm doing this, but basically it's a library.
It will be like doing something related to update
Yarn and Concentration Choose a library in your room to install js
Install
Then I went to the next one. Well, this time I'm going with the current work. This time it's called slash up.
I'm going to make the location a working directory
If you specify it with a working directory, then it's under the source
It's a local sauce, that is, it's a place to put the source code of rail vinegar, but that
Lao I'll copy it to the bottom of this up sound
so
After copying, it's time to install the loopy related library.
This is the bundle config set path-the bundled instrument library
Because it is called bundle installation by specifying the installation destination of
It's called ruby's gem, but that's right.
jm four
The first thing to do is to install the files all at once.
We are
Well, looking back, it's necessary. Themes such as yarn and concentration js. These people's buses
Stall the tape and related libraries first
Copy the source code to the bottom of the source code upload under the total number directory with a
Install ruby ​​related libraries by band installation
I'm doing that with this some file
Then, since I've seen that, the childcare coat of the gem file is also in the source directory
It's the Jen file below
Jim file under the source directory I will look at the contents here
As for what I'm doing here, I've specified only the gem rails.
Rails when making
Live of this life, when you hit the command called Yale's milk, the rail sand file
Steaming pot
Please do it on your own, because I want to do it for a while.
This is called Gem Rails, so I'm going to install it by using Rails.
I'm doing that
By the way, this gem file is dedicated to making a model of the cat's rails now.
It ’s a gem file, and if you do new without this rail, then
Even on the Yale's side, my file is covered by default, so
It will be something that will replace you.
Somewhere right under the project, now pose or ride
Let's take a look at this too. The first thing we do here is the service here.
There are seeds
So there are two sound services defined.
There are two services, the first is db and the other is web.
Has been done
First of all, on the db side
This is a mess
A service called db is using mysql this time, even if it says web
The service shows the rail diagram as a db gar setting
First of all, the image is specified as mysql 8.0.
Next, I'm doing various things like this command energy
However, this is a little different from scale 8.0.
If it is the setting related to the person format, this will cause a slight error, so set it first
I'm going to cats without volume. Well, the left side of this is the local
There is a directory on the right side of the directory, but that's it.
Take the directory of Michimo on this side and put the file in the car guard directory
Hey
I have set up to share or synchronize, what is this?
Speaking of which, the director of db
The bird's mysql data is sent to the dance sk ruger of the sound of the river.
If you synchronize, this will
If you don't do this somewhere, mysql will have a container gold db container.
Every time it is deleted, the data of by sql disappears every time.
Because only that docker series has data
But if you do so, it will be troublesome to re-enter the data every time due to the development amount.
If you try to docker guide the data in the local gar
By sk's data is always attracting that data even if you recreate the container
Enema development easily sets this to 7th place
Then empa
Environment variables are set in a place called characterment.
Ness puts a password in an environment variable called mysql root password.
I have a password for that mysql
Because it will result in an error
Set this in the environment variable 2
Let's take a look at web services
Well, first of all, I'm using dots as a build, so as a base image
Refer to some file in the same fat in the current directory
It will be how to write
Naked earlier, I saw the locker file of par 5 ruby ​​on this web
It is a setting to use in
Write the command to be executed by the command
Bundle Exec Rails Cup
Minute port 3000
What are you doing now with the staff and 00000 on the hyphen day? Well, it's in Rail State.
It's just that the server is running this, isn't it? When you start the rail server
At that time, port 8 is port 3000 and the web
Bind the ip address in the form that 0000 is ok everywhere
I am doing that
Yes, then the volume will be reduced and the file will be shared again. The source directory will be
Share somewhere up in the container
By setting it to synchronize well
Please update the Rene file and some of these files will be updated automatically
I am doing
Filiposis is port 3000 of his loacker
road
We are connecting to Darger's port 3000
Tsutari Penduhon is a dependency. If you write it like this, web
Is that the web service depends more on the db service
If you don't do this, you usually don't understand the thank-you raise
If you want to connect to mysql, use the connection information
mysql gar sound db service
You have to directly address that IP address, right?
But if you put the pen in this way as db, it will be at the host to connect to.
Kiss the ip address like dp
It's easy because you can connect as much as you love
Yes, this was the content of breaking the pose now
If you write it like this and operate it with a car composition command that you took later, it will be like this
Web service and dp sound service are each Ponte Nagane
It's easy because it starts up with a single command
That's right, and the cooperation is also called this db.
Just use this value in the snow web service to the db server
It's possible to connect, but it's impossible to pause now that there is no cooperation
Yes, I'm going to go into the initial settings from here. First, let's look at the rails.
Let's make a model of the state of Rail
I think a docker I want to run a band now so I can use some eggs
Which sound service to run on is the web.
For the web, specify the web to be executed for the raise.
increase
The command to be executed this time is raise new
Dot distribution hyphen force aiff distribution database
Specify the number in the form of mysql
Instead of railing new my s key database uses mysql
This rails new command creates a rails template.
It will be created Let's run it
Yes, it's done, it takes a while
Wait for no. Yes, the installation is complete, isn't it? Then the installation is 1
When the times are completed, a new sound order file will be created.
Well, if you look under this sauce, you can see it, but I said it.
A lot of salt raise files are created for the sound
Then there is a gem file in it, and the content is newly created.
It ’s been a long time since I went out.
It's fundamentally changed, isn't it?
Well, this Jen file
The contents of the new gym file will be updated, and some files will be updated later.
It's itself
It's a big deal when the content is updated
I'm going to rebuild the image, so I've updated the Majun file once here.
Take a picture now, pose build and make the image big as a building
Let's
Yes, I was able to build it.
Even if I made a model of Rails, I was able to rebuild the image.
The next thing to do is set up the database.
8 The source code is 8
Because there is a file that breaks the hot water type database under the config under the source
Please open it We are setting up a golden database
There is a place where Hasward sets in here, so this is hey
I'll enter it like a password. This is somewhere in the pose or blue.
Hey by A Ramen and Depassword, but the values ​​are individual
Set to
The 8 hosts are the connection destinations. Connect the database of the database.
Dry it or change it to db
This dp is somewhere now in poses and muru
I used to call it db in a dependent product, but the dbt value is used as the connection destination information.
Can be used as
First of all, correct the connection destination information in this way of the sound database
Yes, it ’s a snowy road like this
After correcting the plant connection destination upward, we will continue to create the database.
Let's
Docker Co
Otsu run web
Trail Zoo
db Create Kana Well, what is this doing?
Somewhere now pause why execute the command for web services
When you execute the command called db create without rails
In the case of Bayes in the database, creating a database
Number of executions with a command called Rales db Create
So let's do this
It's a matter of course, but at first it's a database
Even if there is the container money, the so-called database itself is not created in it
Database
If you need to make it first, execute this command
Tomorrow and this will create a database with
A database called up development and an uptest
Database gold
It has been made.
The initial sound settings should be complete
Let's finally get on track and start somewhere
Create a container with Carton Pose Up and start it.
let's go
However, this probably means that the server is up to
Then, in the low browser, specify to use port 3000 of the local host this time.
So let's access
Yes I went I want to correct it in Days
This is safe Hey Days has moved
Well, let's take a look at the additional operations from here. There are some common operations.
Since there is, I will introduce it so that I can actually develop it.
First of all, how to stop the sound server
This is the control
I'm asked for it with Ulithi command c
Well, I opened the Maiko tab
Well, if you move to the same directory once,
Something as a command in the project directory
If you do something like pose down now
When you go, stop the server and delete it.
You can do it to Ipe Somehow it didn't work out with pause down right now
I'll go somewhere I'm going to pose down now
Yes, I'm sorry it's a little hard to see when you press the price
The server is good in this way
It was shut down and I ran out of it. Yes, I'm posing now.
If you can delete it by using down
Yes, I deleted it all at once, but if I want to start it again, I can overwhelm it again.
Somewhere now there is a hyphen dt option as an option with pose up
In this high wind
It's a touch, but it runs in the background.
Maeda and that book have been published all the time.
It's a little annoying because I had to open another meal for another one.
But it's difficult to operate
If you use a hyphen, it will be a background station, so you can use everyone who slept freely.
I can
And if you want to see how it's running now, pack it somewhere ps
Will display a list of container sounds
The state is up, so it means that it is starting up.
For other sound operations, when you want to see the log, Docker Pon 4
I was able to check the log by making it like a normal log, but I was stuck with the development
When you do something
Let's find out the cause of the error while looking at the log here
Another useful thing is when you want to execute a command.
Docker corn pose
Shake
web For example, when you execute bash, it is in the form of slash flight bash.
Art Don't make a mistake, what happens when you do this
If you execute the command with some component jr
Execute on the service web service of the command slash flight
Slash bash
So if you do this, the bash will start and the bash process will start.
You can go inside the conte
For example, if you say ls, you can even see the files in the container.
increase
There's one more file, or a gem file.
There are times when you want to reflect the leaf-corrected rice when you correct it.
The first thing to do is to recreate it from the image and it's ok.
If you do this a little, the hedge will
It will take, so I will attach it to stop execution If I do a pose build somewhere now
I took it with Yoisho, recreated the image once with the car composition build, and then continued
Car composition up distribution Create and start a sleeping container in the form of d
Will give
Yes with this
Rails environment Nedoka was able to build using poses now
Thank you for your support
[music]
From here, we will publish some containers in the production environment
When you use docker, local environment sounds
You're using it to build it, like a production environment
I'm using it somewhere I don't know where it is local
If you just use the cat, it's a waste only for development.
Only use it in a production environment
Some kind of evolution will be demonstrated
If you don't use it in abundance, you need a library for the server if you don't use it in production somewhere.
I manually do this one by one
I put it in, so it's annoying in the first place.
And there is a difference in the production environment
I think it's like becoming an Oe Ra, but if you use this one even in a production environment
Container Saddle from the same image as developed locally
You don't have to take the initiative to install 11 libraries just to start it.
In addition, even in the local production, my wife and bones do not occur.
It's a messed up rack
So from now on, let's talk about the operation of docker in the production environment.
I regret the container
I will actually do it If it ends so that there is no sound this time, just prepare a development environment somewhere
It can be used even in a production environment without it.
no
Oh, this is exciting, isn't it? Let's enjoy it.
The way to do it is to start a container somewhere on 6 tatami mats and start the application.
I will publish it
He 6 is a server or middleware after os.
Line automatically
It will be a service that builds and manages Inflowne Easy to build and put into production environment
It's the one who publishes the application
And then put a docker container on that flatulence 6 tatami mat
By starting it as it is, we will publish it to the application production
I made the rail before
In the form of publishing the application on Sutra 6
I think I'll do it this time Yes, it's the flow of the whole sound this time, but the procedure is a little
Many meetings
First, let's organize the whole flow. First, prepare in advance.
Log in to He 6 after making preparations at
After that, I will make it with a 6 application
And add and configure the database for He 6
And some file this time, just a little bit with the locals and just a little bit with 6 support
Since there is a part that must be separated, I will modify the car file I took to make it like a production environment
increase
From that one of the fafiles that I fixed in
I will build an image somewhere and release a docker container.
You can publish the actual Kanji Kentei
When it's released, finally, the procedure for adding functions
I will do it in the flow of seeing
Let's start with the preparation First of all, I'm going to register with Hanyu
Hanyu is a service for sharing source code online.
From the next time onwards, I'm going to build something called see you cd.
What you need at that time
It is a little easier to proceed if you register in advance, so register in advance
If you are registered as Sven, you don't have to register.
If you search here for a bargain and Hanyu, you're sure to be Hanyu.
When you open the page, it says sign up in the upper right corner.
You know this, go here, give me the information you need, attic or step
I have one
Please proceed with the steps above and register. I will register a little more
It ’s a sign from this person.
I think I'll sign it. Next, make the initial settings for turning off.
I'm going to do that side 6 There is a problem if you do not set a little when using the ridge
I will set the sound with
Yes, let's open the terminal and start setting now
First of all, register the user name and e-mail address of standing and hugging with Negitto
Put
It's okay if you don't understand the meaning of this area yet, especially once
Just keep it
Well, first of all, it's called Config Global users. Name, so it's a user name.
I'm going to register here. For example, in the form of Takane.
The user name registered in the hub
Please enter this and I will be imposing this, so I have to register with another one
There is something
And that will make the user email
Please register what you registered in spring as well
For example, it's a little different, but in reality, Takane at Yuyama Po. Co. Jp
Also here in the form of a discount and register beyond the e-mail registered in Hanyu
Yes, it's art. There are two things I would like to register a little more.
I will register a little more
So it's better to register these two for a while
Even if you don't understand the meaning, 8 would be okay
It's a guy, but I'll register it for the time being, so I don't really understand this.
It's okay. To explain, don't let fast for happen when you're serious.
It is a setting to do
And I want to set another one
And pull dibase rebase from well Guise
And this is a setting that always rebases when pulling
You don't have to understand the meaning of these two, but if you set them
It will be convenient in the future, so let's set it
This setting
Please make sure that the settings are correct.
This may be a little different between me and everyone.
In this way, a monkey email called a user name that is especially important, these two now two money
It must be the user's eyes registered in the hub and the email.
Please make sure that yes
When the shorthand of cutting is completed in this way, continue to sleep and prepare for membership registration in advance.
I think I'll do it 6
If you google it, it won't be recorded. Please open this.
Click here for new registration button
I will continue to do it, so you can newly register here, so everyone put in this sound content
Please register for an account
I have already registered, so I will log in here for a moment.
Well, after registering, log in to He 6
From this screen
Well, click on the menu here and there is a place called Account Settings.
Please click on the
Please click on the place called Ring on this day.
You can put your credit card here
Please register the sound of your credit card in advance. This time, it is within the free frame.
Dene
It doesn't cost much to use the appendix, though.
When you use mysql, that add-on adds mysql.
Add-ons are like plug-ins
You can't add the ad unless you register with a credit card to add it.
This doesn't cost money, but add it
Please keep your quest card registration hot.
x par Finally as a preliminary preparation
6 seal y install and try searching
Then, the command line of the cat, cli, will come out widely.
Click here and this is a tool that allows you to operate Cat & Denehe 6
increase
If you look at this, there are download eas and installation.
For mac users, this command is also executed, so the garage installer
Download the installer Windows 64-bit 4 for cats
What is an installer?
It's suitable for the state of Bid on your computer, but most of them are 64-bit.
I think there are many, so click this one to install
Please keep it. Installation is complete when you can do this.
Yes, this completes the preparation
Next, I will log in to Helock.
I'm going to operate with the command of that recording.
First of all when using that Hell Kuko &
If you don't know how to endure and buy Noah, you can't operate it.
Hello country we need to go in for that
Open the terminal and enter 6 Login here.
If you're competing for a key, you're competing for a key. I'm going to press the penter key.
Click here as it will appear like login
Yes, this is 6 times, and the number of logins is half.
Let's go back to the palace. You are now logged in.
There is a Gistry with 6 containers in a row, and that person
I'm going to put in the tools.
The image of the locker is large, so by logging in to that person as well, you can see the container.
You will be able to upload the image of Docker to a place called Gistry in the future
I like Beppu racing and need to upload some image to the container registry
Because there is, first
Let's log in widely
Main residence
I like to log in
Rokune Tena-Let's log in Yes Yes
login I was able to log in safely because it was called Succeed
It's been a while since I got a little error on the side, but this one
I'm sorry it's a little hard to see, but it's empty.
I don't think it's your environment, but I'm actually in a login environment on my pc
Have two users
This is a little user for this shoot
I think there is probably an error in the relationship of testing
Dere is a good thing, but the displayed content may be different.
It wouldn't be a problem if this Robin Succeed could be made, isn't it? I'm sorry it's hard to see.
But don't worry
I hope you can keep it, but now that you have logged in to He 6
Next, I will move on to creating the sound of the app.
Let's make it in episode 6 and that's the first app
Well, I want to release this one. The service I want to operate is called an app.
That's why it is managed in units
Deehe Roque Mercury a
Well, after creating it, I gave it an app name, and this time without rails and docker Takane
I think I'll give it the name Auction Tee
And this app name is like this because it can't be duplicated with other users around the world
If it's duplicated, it won't be a desk.
after
Shirane
I'm going to use Docker Takane and kyt instead of 0 to face app mage apps.
Then I will make this
Yes, I've successfully created the app. Next, I'll add and configure the database.
I will do it
I'm trying to add a database
That's why in Herlock, the database is an add-on to the He 6 app that I just created.
In the form of
I will add it in the case of mysql
There are some green onions with add-ons, but most of them are for a fee.
Create db's i army
Only the red plan is free, so I'm going to use this one
a One point to note, that version of this sk is this good
Clear dp is an add-on of type 5, so Ignite is a free plan.
If it's a plan
so
Right now, you can see it locally by looking at some of those files.
I'm using a face 9-8 type ridge because it's true and the version should be amazing
Whether to make local mysql type 5
Those who did 8 type science and mathematics using a paid add-on
It's really good, but this time there is no problem with such a version difference.
I'm going to move on, so let's add a way.
I want to specify clear db in create, so I have to plan for clear db
Hyphen a This is an application Yes, it's an application veil
Ahh, we will add ad cherry blossoms in the form of kyt
Now that you've successfully added the add-on, you've successfully added the database with the add-on.
I'm going to ask for the sound settings in the database
First of all, the connection destination of that rail
Let's change
Sound of production db database
I think I'll pass it as an environment variable this time. That environment variable is a loacker.
Development environment
It is a mechanism to change the value of this bar environment and their value depending on the environment.
that
Later, when I discount the source code, Hanyu always uploads it online.
At that time, if the connection destination information of the database is included, it will be illegally intruded into the database.
I have a security disc
So you can use it as an environment variable, but you can use it as an environment variable.
By not uploading the ticket on Hanyu, the sound connection destination information of the database will be added to the source code.
You don't have to put it on, and you can switch to each environment from the connection destination.
a For that purpose 8 I opened the source code a little file and made it before the last time
Hey
That somewhere Jai that
Please open the Rales f source code and under this source confit
It's a little hard to see, but there was a thing to quit the database
Please open here When you open this
Default and development
There is a total production under 7 bars for tests etc.
There is a production, so here is the connection destination information
I'll fix it Yes here
I'm going to set the connection destination of the database in the production environment, but well.
A database of Heroku operations
Since it is two-legged information, I want to specify it here.
Because there are security risks in the area
I'm going to keep environment variables in this way here and there.
Um database of up Why is the database of up up?
Keep it in the database
The noise is venerable
8 I wonder if it's the user name of the up database
Can I leave my username and password as they are?
After that, the host is set up on the floor, but there is also a host.
If the host is local now, it will be dp after default, so pop it somewhere
No
Because of the setting of, this is also going to be uploaded to the production environment, so the connection destination of the Janton bread environment
It's in the form of a database hose for uploading information.
I'm going to replace it Yes Now you can connect the production environment
I think it's possible to create environment variables
It is said that you can connect properly if you pass the environment variable to the end when you move it.
It will be
Yes, this database is called connection destination information.
You can check with 6 Erotic corn
Cornfig distribution application aa Luz somewhere in the form of akit
If you try to enter it, it's hard to fly from the same ministry of cats.
There are various displays and what is this table
After mysql, this is a loose survey, and the colon
There
There is a password and there is a host name after at
And the database name is in the slash, isn't it?
It is a mechanism
You can still check the connection destination information.
Yes, the joint I just confirmed
Let's set the destination information to the sound environment variable of Sutra 6.
Right now, I'm here, in Notepad, I've listed all the current connection destination information. 6
You can connect as an environment variable by typing the command config at.
I will register upday
Database connection destination information up Database user year
Up-database password Up-database host
The data drunk Amur earlier
Depending on this environment variable you set up for connection
Set the value of this environment variable
Just copy this
And daddy
I'll paint it
I will continue
Let's continue
Best hyphen hey Wales and kyt command snow joint environment
Make sure the variables are set properly
Yes, if you can make all the settings here, make sure that the settings are done properly.
Let's go 6 config distribution meeting
Check with the command Welsh Doa kyt
When you try to enter, upload database, upload database host
The password user name is Nechan
You can see that it has been registered. Yes, it sounds like you can connect to the database.
Setting is complete
Continue to docker files
I'm going to fix it like a production environment
Ah, I came to the sound connection setting of the database, so please put some files like a production environment
I'll fix that
There is a part where the processing changes a little locally from the actual production, so that part
I will correspond
Yes, this time, what should I do?
Please come back and the source code
8 s This sauce is closed for a moment
So here I'm going to create a file called start .sh this time
think
With start .sas this is just the top of the top directory
Start in the directory
I'm going to make the dough, so here's a little hey, the production environment and clay processing
I'm going to say a
First of all, please open the docker file for a moment
Some file now looks like this, I'll fix it a little.
First of all, 8 some files
I can set environment variables and try to set them a little
Let's set it all like production
The default environment variable is not railed
I'll put it in an environment variable production called All Dale
After that, let's meet together. I'll put in the young numbers and settings, so it's a little.
Splash
Please wait. First, put in the settings like this.
It's a point from the next cat on the spot
We will add some processing under the market
Shall I copy it first?
Copy star is good
Also. sh Splash start. Make it with the essay child earlier
Click here for a file called start .sh
If you say directly under the slash, I will make a copy carved directly under the directory
If you copy it, then I will say that it is also the execution prefectural police
Chainji more 744
Slash start .sh and
After this, I changed it a little at the end with the sound
With the last command
Um sah 8 splash star
And. I write the process in this way like sh.
Take the file of start .sh and copy it with a card.
Execute permission
If you give it, you can change the authority of the role file a little with this.
Hey in mode
Finally, the command to be executed when the first docker file is started last with the command
So, let ’s start on the sa day, so this file is a sacred place.
Even though it's running, it's done at the end, so that's because it can be done.
You don't have execute permission with Leicester. Se
Go to us, then what do you do?
Because it is a sound file of a chocolate shell script
a Well, in this way, let's write it first like a magic spell
So what to write here is the if statement, right?
Um
The whole trail is yeah yeah
If it's production, if it's production
a car
At that time before that time
Totoko
All bundles exec
Rail sir Settsu sweat
Play pumper in
Use the server hyphen p
If you don't have it, you can set it to port 3000.
Hyphen b
I will write a process in the form of 00000
Well, what did you write about this?
surely
If there are 19 magic spells and there is a shell step, write such a magic spell
please
And because I wanted to do this with an if statement
That writing or reference some file is a dichotomy
Conditional branching is really hard to do, isn't it? That was it.
Now more than the environment
This is the sound of the distribution shell script file that I wrote because I was in the costume.
In terms of conditional liberal arts, there is something that you really want to do only in the environment.
What that is is assets precompilation
Well, because of the circumstances peculiar to Perez
It's not, but email is also css or javascript
After putting the files together
I am trying to read it in one shot with html, so here is the mechanism for that
If you write or precompile assets and come low, it will behave a little here even if it is in production
Is different
You don't have to do this with a loacker
In the text, you need to execute this command.
So now create a shelf script file
I wrote the process to execute only the production now
Finally, what to do
Let Rays start the server. When you start the Lou Server,
If the port is an environment variable and the value of the mountain 4 port is entered, use it
If not, Yamauchi will use port 3000, which was not set.
Bind to the other party 0000 From where iprs is also ok
I'll leave it as a member. The point is, at the end, I'm going to launch it at Veil Third.
We are
Yes ada This is a little supplement, though
It seems that I want to add special processing only to the environment this time because it will increase somehow like this
It depends on the environment
When you want to make a conditional branch, it's often like this
Well, my wife is commanding me to do something
Execute the script file and condition distribution in the default pitfire
I often do that
Or, in the first place, use the docker file. Now use the same docker file.
But somewhere file.
development somewhere file. pop
In the same way as I do, it's also possible to open a large file in each environment as soon as possible.
Yes, but I have a different image in the first place
Even when you want to use it for production, it is better to separate the docker file.
If you want to do some processing meandering or conditional branching like this time, do it like this
With a shell script
Conditional branching is better
I think it's simple
Yes, this is it. I'm sweating in the production environment.
I have a command I want to enter
I'll add the root of the environment variable.
By induction
I'll leave it to Lou, and the total number and assets precompiled.
Since it will start in production, let's add this environment variable a little.
Yes, by the way, which one
1 There are some settings that you need a little, right? Let's set the sound there with my sister in advance.
I think this is a little
to lose he 6. Even support 3 shuri s rush I want to boot under
Take a bar timer
Please say url and change pooh and time out
so
When I play on 6 ridges, the port number is bound by the server.
It's set to 60 seconds after the default.
Dehe 6 Hey, in free mode, there are quite a few referees, in 60 seconds.
It's spring that I can't pine the head and get an error, so go here for a few seconds.
I'm going to stretch it, but choose Ales Okay kyt
So you can do it here for the number of seconds
Since it can be set, I will extend it for 120 seconds for 2 years.
It's better to raise it to 20 seconds, so I think it will reduce unnecessary errors.
Yes, I set it enough for the sack. Click the change blue and change buttons.
And
Let's change the situation.
I'm almost ready, so finally, delete the server in that corridor.
I think I should delete the web server that local web
If the server is running, the web server will not start in step 6.
It's not possible, but the sound setting there is a bit like that as a freak now
There is a possibility, so I will delete the server
road
Oh, aid car book pose 9 down
Let's delete the sound of the server once
I wish I could delete the day server. That's okay, but stop it.
There was a pit in the attached directory under the source
And there is a file called server .pi di
This sound file is deleted. This file is deleted.
It should be, but if this remains, it will be aimed at that flatulence 6
Remove this with the remove command
Yes, this is somewhere for the production
The setting was completed when I was a younger sister.
I will build and release the image.
First, build the image
I will push the built image that I like on the book eating list
The command for that is Roke Kenting
Ah ah ah
I use something called push. It's called web, so I'll add some arguments.
Please open
with al kyt
It ’s 8. Well, build some image by using this command with your voice.
You can push to the container registry.
Please wait patiently as it will take a long time to rebuild the image once a year.
Yes, this is where you can view the image and push contour resist 1
Well then, after this was done, I listed it in the underlying knowledge story of Heroa.
From that image
Toward He 6
I'm going to release a container somewhere
Rokune Teena Ah Release dd Distribution
Lease web kana release web distribution ala docker in the form of kyt
Dene
I will specify yes glory
Denehe 6 sound container, through some container to 6 tatami mats
I was able to release it, but I don't need to stay still this time, but it's a normal flow.
Hey
That ’s why it ’s a database, so it ’s called mimicration processing.
When you want to update the table of that database
In the case of rail diagrams, we execute vibration.
So what is bike ration? Rails-the table in that database
Command boots and rail taxation with a mechanism to update To make a table like this
Dete
If you keep it, the table of the database will be made through the Tokai store.
I'm going to execute the command here.
I want to execute a command for the sound of a tatami mat
I will use this & Enter after 6 bullets
The command you executed
It's a form to input, this time bundle exec
day 9 d be my Clay and Ales a a
Yale's performance from production
Distributed in production Yale's Door
Enter in the form of kyt
Well, the band exec lake db mic rate is on the rails.
It is a command to execute database migration
This screw
Well, as I said earlier, this is the database table
This is the command when you want to update
Right now, I haven't created any database, so I'll create a table.
In particular, I don't have any money, but normally I do it by doing something like this
We are
that
If you think it will work, you'll get an error.
I got an error. That error has some tips for solving it.
If you look at it, it's about reading the Amera message carefully.
Shaper syntax error here Cone is wrong 3
Look at the 54th second of breaking the hate-up happiness database, and there
There is something that I couldn't get along with due to a syntax error.
Let's look at line 54
Open Database Break and look at line 54
Ah, line 54 3
Hate is probably that kind of thing, but I wonder if anyone has this
I think it was probably an error because this was missing again.
Hey
When I fixed it, I regained my mind.
Let's run it again
I got an error again
Well, what's the matter? The Epera message is a syntax error.
I don't think this format is wrong.
In hate, in such a case, let's switch to the policy of executing locally first
Right now, it's a production environment once. It was covering the side clothes to run directly.
I will run it once locally.
Let's start the container of the local method for a while.
After starting a locker this theory
How are you running on the loacker? Car Compose Exe Check
web
Um bundle exec
Let's run it in the form of a break db crepe
that
This seems to be done without any problems
Especially syntax error Nothing happened
I see it went up a
I understand this at at I finally understand
House
You can now do it locally, right?
Right now, the grammar error was angry at first, but I fixed it, so now I chose grammar
Why not even though it's not happening
I wonder if that local & He 6 got an error.
The image should have been pushed by He 6
You built and pushed it, right? It's the same image as that time.
Even if the source code is modified, the big image is not rebuilt. The source code is reflected.
I can't fix it, so I won't fix it again this time
Error even if corrected
I'm sure it should have been pushed to the hair a little more
I think I'll try again
Um He 6 With the underlying push web
Building an image of something big
Let's push it towards Ferroc's container registry. See you again.
It will take some time, so wait for a while
Yes, I noticed it after pushing a little
That push
I had to leave the server for Phi
Somewhere now pause down, let me shell the web server once
I think it's okay not just to make two bullets again, though
Please delete the pid file as well. If it goes down, pid
Only the file looks like this
It's not like that, why is it okay with Bart?
Then, after doing that, go to Hey 6.
Let's build and push
Yes ad was able to push with, so I will continue to release it
I'll recreate the image just before the defeat, so now
It seems that this sound is not the image for 6
I will reflect it. When the release is completed, it will be on top of that.
Let's perform database migration to the North Sea with Hero Clan
Ah ah ah it was good
I was able to do it. Well, nothing happens when I want to set it this time.
Matsui: If you didn't get an error, you could do it safely.
I was finally able to do it
So let's open the app in the appendix Heroku
walk 6 open distribution
Enter an increase called al kyt
He 6's application is a black release, so the application opens widely and it's a great fight
It ’s open to the public.
If you use it, it will be displayed on the browser without permission.
Enter and voice, this page was opened
The page appeared in the theme as the content. If this could be done, the raise would actually be the voice raise.
It is displayed so that there is no display page in, but Leeds is running properly
This is perfect by saying
By the way, why is Nirvana displayed because there is no page?
I mean, I made a page and started from the stand.
In the sea in front of A
I think
It seems that it only works from that low, isn't it? It's a special setting with a raise.
It's not displayed when it's production
That's why it's sticky
I need to make a page, so in the future
When you gain insight, check the operation. Suzuki Pashutter is easy.
I think I'll make a page from here once
so
Well, it's a good sound to make a little tajasu, but there are some things I want to do, so first
Please let me know now
The rail increase page money that the page is properly displayed was displayed.
It's perfect, but
In some cases, I think that an error may occur and that other screen may appear.
increase
And I'm actually, nowadays I'm a thread sect, but maybe I was addicted to about 2 hours
I don't know
I've been addicted to it for about 12 hours, but if I get an error
Confrontation
I'll try it. Well, I'll just understand it here. It's 6 tatami mats.
It ’s not moving, it ’s giving up, it ’s just watching the video.
I think it's honest, but when I'm addicted to it, I feel that the solution is troublesome.
By the way, how is it when it's great?
I want to set the buzz environment variable
Erotic cone fick a at rail number Ero Kuuu st Daddy
Because it was ust pout
Say std t call a true and weather the distribution
Docker ky tt
If you say you're married, that's why I took a picture with 6
I'm going to look at 6-6 when the sound of the error is resolved.
Since the amount of logs output in the Hell area after default is small, this setting should be done.
Because a lot of logs will be displayed
Put this setting in
Let's do this with
What to do after doing this
Herokuro goods Bob's distribution te
Distributed with Mr. Kaibe at a
Enter as Welsh docker mighty
With this
You can see the log of He 6 by inputting
Let's do it. When it exceeds the woman, various things are coming out now.
When 6-Logger child is displayed
8 For example, visit the site for a year
When I try to reload the North Sea, there is a new access here again
Then, the log information will be output every time it is accessed for that reason.
So if you look at 6 as it is, for example, there is a fatal here.
Well, there is some information like this, that error information is displayed, so look at that information
Game
While producing and sometimes loosely
It will be a flow to eliminate the error because it is rare and it is not particularly expensive here
With control c
Let's keep it low, but from here on
I will add functions because I did not have the page money earlier
Well, I'll add a page for you. When Ito develops it in the future, that
Since it is deployed, it is said that there is no time to check the operation
Steps to add head function
I want to know a little, so I'm going to do this
What I'm doing this time with love is simply accessing the top page.
I think I'll simply make something that displays html.
takuma For energy debugging First of all, with Nedoka by controller
What is that
I'll make that brown
Isn't it sweet and sour sauce? Start up the server so that you can develop it by posing now.
Let's
If you touch it, I will make a controller
There is a controller for the number of rails
In the part that receives the request of the browser mother
First this winter at Sukiya, which needs that page in Dale
In addition, it is necessary to make it, so command 5 will be given by the controller, so mand execution
I will
Somewhere Now Pose Bundle Exec
web
Aichi is somewhere now poses Well, first of all, a little
Nowadays in the form of a kuekkue club
8 Specify the command name Specify the color Bundle
Let's make an exec ale muscle generate controller.
To tell
I think I'll make a controller called Thurs
Yes, various files were created in this way, so if it is created, the source
Look at the code
Well, this one
I'm going to set the routing 2 ad under the config
Rape. There is no ruby, please open here
What is routing? Which url should I come to?
Which action on the controller to send the request to the final scene
It ’s what sets that routing.
Here ak
Um on the top page
Color
By passing the center to the action called index of the user controller
Where to say
Let's write it down
2 will be closed for the user controller index action
Well, the controller is open this time, right under the up and under the controller's head
Withers Now that it's made, please open it here
Ettre
Scalpel
Let's add a husband It's called a differential index
I'll add a method. It's an action.
Skip to the user's index action at routing
So even with controller 4
User controller index t Add an action
id
It's like this to the controller with Railsler.
How many times
You can have an open sex root
Then i
Allow html to be displayed in that browser
I think I should create a view file
There is a directory called views under the view up under the up
Since there is a user in, index .htm under this user's
I will create a file called .erb
This is Ayur html 5
Anything is fine, but in the previous episode
8 Let's make it like Hello World from the ministry
Well, let's write a simple process Hello World
Well then, this kind of processing was done --- Well, open the browser and local
Host
Let's open the safety port and access it
If this works, you should be able to open the bullion you just made without that rail. Yes
For the time being, the bus was displayed by the Koide loacker.
I was able to create the top page, so I will reflect this on the cat's He 6
I think it's Sakura Please open the terminal again
First of all, as usual, I took a picture of the server with a carpo and why I dropped it
With Pose Town
If it goes down, then again
Delete any pid file just in case
Yes a a If you do that, I will continue to push the image again
Let's push the Meiji era with Akshbel somewhere now
Yes, I was able to build and push with this, so continue
F 6 Always release images Let's execute the release command
Yes, I was able to release it. I came to Ace, so let's open it again. Heroku
I will open because it is open
This will open it in your browser again
There was a page that Lancer was open for a while ago. Reload that page.
It's okay to have it
It takes a while for the server to start again after a wide rep.
Wait for a while
that
It's become fluent
me
If it's strange, there was no error, but there was.
8 Then, with a log, this kind of tex Hey 6 What's happening using a command without a log?
Kane
Let's see it, let's access it once
Is there anything that comes out when you access it with this?
Well, if you look at this, there are various things out there.
The display is hard to see, so the expression is a little tiny.
Template error arc application that doesn't look very good even if you try it on
css is not present is out
8 Ise This Yamane error Cause
Um feet
Asset application .css no longer exists --- set
It is said to be in the pipeline
I think I did that process in the middle of this, but I think I did it because of the production.
I think the asset precompilation was at that house, right? Star. Sh
And this doesn't seem to work
This bundle exec raise assets because this isn't working
There seems to be an error in the precompiler
I'm wondering why it's not working, but if you look at it, hey
I saw a little here. The production is a typo.
I'm typing I can't hide the shock I'm really shocked
It ’s a professional.
I'm so shocked that I can't be confident that this production spelling isn't right now
Well, in such a case, let's look at the file somewhere.
I don't have everything in production so I'll copy and paste this
Alright, this should be okay, so I confirmed that this is okay.
Go back to and really rc quit
Let's start over from push again. Hey, the push bar was well done.
Next is the release
Let's run it again. Let's open the rare that was released in a.
I will open it in the background browser finally in the second place 2 votes in Hello Worlds
I was able to hold it with Nefe 6
The docker container gold was started with 6 tatami mats.
No, it ’s good. It ’s a crime at the headquarters.
Yes, somewhere in the autumn colors. Well, the image of the docker developed locally
Hey
By building it and uploading it directly to the production environment place to 6 tatami mats
Somehow you can move it in the same way in the production environment.
Well, I got stuck a little, so how much the head was a little tight
I don't know
It's really easy to operate at the Nami-chan platform.
It's data. Every time I add that function as an issue, I bother to do it.
I don't know how many such non-commands I have dropped the container and complained
No
It's quite troublesome when the waiting time is also lighted each time in the case
And now the scale of the application is not small yet There are few commands for sale
However, as the application becomes larger, the commands become more complicated.
Ply
Troublesome
So next time, I introduced ci cd and tested it.
I want to do automation
That's why I'm sorry
[music]
Somewhere from here
I will build ci cd
Until the last time, I was able to hit the point of building a production environment somewhere.
When
But there was still a problem.
The property is good
It's awkward to take the initiative, so if you are operating a web service
Service, improvement speed is very important for business, and we release sounds many times a day.
you know
It's a mess to do the release work under this initiative every time it is released
It's a hassle
web server
Use it to develop quality
It's really important how to make Liproy easier.
So when the source code is modified, I want to deploy it automatically.
You want to do that
So this time I put in a mechanism called ci cd
Deployment automation
I'm going to do it cacd What is money?
I'll explain later, but this cacd isn't modern, it's a web-based company.
It's included, isn't it? It's basically a mechanism that is included, so please understand the mechanism.
And let's operate the production environment easily
This is the last section, so I think it will be a little longer.
Let's have fun
So what kind of system will you make this time?
In addition to the previous flatulence 6
First of all, I'm sure I will upload the source code to the hub
I'm sure a hub is a service for sharing that source code online.
is not it
When developing a team, let's cut it and Hanyu
Raise the altitude and refer to the same code as a team, and then there is a code change
Review by action
If it's ok, change it. Merge it.
I will develop with the flow First of all, I'm sure to upload the source code to the hub
I will go, so if you can do it, this
Time cacd I will build a ridge
So cacd is divided into two, ci and cd.
What is ci is continuous integration.
I changed that source code and uploaded it to the pit hub.
Build and test automatically
To run
It ’s a way to keep the quality of the code constant.
By writing and testing, I like the code. I wonder if there are any bugs.
I try to keep the quality of the code by checking
The sound of conducting the test every time is rather annoying.
Koga has changed
This ci is that it goes automatically every time you say it.
Also for the number of executions that execute the taste with
Since it is necessary to start the application at once, some image before running the test
No
It's like doing it as a set at the building, then cd cd
Continuous delivery
For that change that passed that well test
Please review and change the review with ok
Once merged, it will be automatically deployed with
I said that it's a web service, but I'll release it over and over again.
So already
The change is mart properly
If it is sold, it will be automatically imported and at the timing, let's automatically deploy it
Because this cd
So what is the tool used to realize this ci cd?
It becomes a circle ci What is a circle ci?
It will be a well service for building ci cd
Build, test, and deploy are all done on the cloud.
So the cic d tool Yes, to summarize the big picture
First of all, let's start the locker on 6 tatami mats and it's an application.
In addition, this time, if you cut the source code and manage it on Hanyu
And when the code is uploaded to the pit sub
Automatically b route
I will continue to test, even if I pass the taste, I will review and the code will bloom
When it is taken in, it will automatically play the docker container on 6 tatami mats.
This paste and Marvel degree test and color and deployment are supposed to be circle ci
Become
This is good
This time I had a headache on the rail that was up to 6
We will build a mechanism of ci cd using Kirito Futoshi Circle cr
Yes, I'm sure Hanyu will be the first flow this time
Next, if you say to build ci and finally build ct, I will do it.
Yes, I'm sure it's a hub first, take action to introduce the scene icd, Hanyu
Let's do the place of uploading to
First of all, what does Hanyu look like when you cut it tightly?
Quickly
But I'd like to review it a little more, so first
What is cut off is to manage the version of the source code.
And if necessary, make it possible to check who changed what kind of altitude.
And revert to the previous sound version
I'm fond of it. I'll operate it with the command.
Yes, it's a rugged hub, as I said earlier.
It will be a service for sharing the source code managed by Gitto online.
increase
As for the relationship between Hanyu and Hanyu, it is managed by cutting with a high door.
In such a relationship that I'm sure I will use it hard when sharing at the venue
Has become
I'm sure you can't use have with this acting.
I'd like to explain it first, but first the local environment
The local environment is a former Nepa
In the current environment, we will first create a branch there.
What is a branch is to develop multiple functions in parallel.
There is a branch called Main, which is the basis of the main plastic pond, and it is developed from there.
Masanaga branch for each function
by p I made a plastic pond yesterday
I'm going to work on each branch and when the development is over, the main branch
The station branch is to merge the modifications and take in
By doing so, we will be able to develop each function independently.
When adding a new function with, first cut the branch and if you cut the branch
The next thing to do is modify the file
If you modify the entry, you will add files and so on.
When the file modification is completed, it is followed by commit.
Commit is to record changes in a file
By committing the fix to one rank down
It doesn't mean that the history is cut like a sound because of who made what correction and when.
increase
Commit with
Will continue to push Hanyu always
Commitd fix Let's push up
If you push with, I will tell you and I'm sure you will move to the hub
I make a pull request on Hanyu.
I call it pull request by translating it and playing it, but what is this?
I mean
Ask a local team member to work on your own changed behavior
is
Unexpected bug money will be laid out if you release it without review in action
When developing a team
I have to make this pull request and make my debut without incorporating this change
There are team members
If it's ok after reviewing, I'll continue merging.
Is to capture
Oh dear
The contents modified to the weapon branch will be incorporated into the main branch.
That's right
Changes on Hanyu such as cutting will be merged to the main branch and then locally
I will switch branches
You switch the branch to the main plan house.
Cut the main plan land
Switch to the main branch and continue sieving
I will take in the contents of Hanyu locally.
If you take it in, next time, when you make a new function
If you create a new branch from the main branch and repeat the current flow, this will be
I'm sure
It will be the whole flow using the hub
Knife from here with love Corresponding to this flow
I will introduce the Gittone command
First of all, I would like to introduce two commands that must be done first.
First of all, it will be a cut and knit command that will create a repository
The repository t is the state of files and directories.
It ’s a place to record.
It will be a signal to manage it as a repository.
Run it only once at the beginning of the project
Then, the remote at origin is a command called url.
This is also executed first. Well, I make it at the beginning of the repository with that cut and hub.
That lip I made the repository The url of Hanyu's repository
By registering with this command in the future
I'm sure you want to upload it to the hub or pull it, or when you want to cut it and access the wave part
When you want
I'm sure Hadukai will be accessible under the name Origin
Yes, if you do that kind of preparation first, then continue
It's a mist switch of the branch, isn't it?
Haiku c branch name
I'll do this and I'll give you a name in the new Blanc
Branch menu Create a brunch with a strong stance and add your own branch to that voluntary
To switch
I did that and then modified the file and it was medieval
I will add it to the staging with the bit art .command
Additional car to best staging
Then bid commit hyphen m
I will commit the changes by writing like a commit message in
Well, I'm sure Add and Bit Commit are when you commit.
It's something to do
First of all, add the changes to the staging
Hestaging 5th place It is a flow to commit only the singer's file
I'm sure at is what that is for
When I updated the duplicate file, the modification of the file was not finished.
Only some files
If there is a time when you want to commit, there are times when you want to commit, so only some of the files
To be able to commit
There is a place called staging, and there is a child & for that.
It is said that it is supposed to move to staging and commit only the added file
That's why, yes, the following command
bit
push origin This is the branch name.
I can do it
I'm sure there will be no change on Hanyu after the push is over.
If the change is marched on the main plan
Then I will come back to the local side again and I'm sure I will switch launch mate This is playing with
It's a command to switch the anti. I'm sure I introduced the switch to the beginning.
but
If you don't have the distribution c option, you can just switch.
So here, as a concrete operation, basically it is like switching to the main branch
I'll say it's flowing sake
If you switch to the de bain branch, I'm sure you'll pull me
Haguro I will take in no change here as a basic goat pull origin Main
By making it like that
Main branch ticket ag top
It's the content of the main brand change, so we will incorporate it into the corridor.
Later, I didn't come out for a long time at the beginning this time, but there are two commands I often use.
I will
The first command I often use is the ticket status command.
You can check the change status by executing this child &
that
What file did you modify from the last commit?
Use the ticket status command when you want to check
Next, the command I often use is the Git diff command from the last commit
Is a nagged riff used when you want to check what kind of change you made this time
Designated by Ritto
Suga I changed the brush to check the list of files
right
You can check the contents of the changed car file
Yes, I'm sure you've seen the basic usage of Hanyu so far, so from here
I'm sure Hanyu will introduce the flow of what to do after this cat
First cut and create a repository p on Hanyu
After creating a repository with, I will go back to the local and manage the behavior by turning it off.
There is something called cutting, which will be explained later.
I will add it, but then actually commit and push the changes
We will proceed in the form of going
Through this, Bit Hanyu, always source code
I will push it up to the point where I will push it up, or first cut it and on Hanyu
I will create a repository
Please open a hug and log in.
Open that
There is a new button here, right? Press the insert button to create a repository
Let's yes
The name of the repository is everyone I made earlier
Please keep the same application name as the application name you made in the previous sea
Rales somewhere called kyt
It ’s the same as the Heroku application noodles that I ’ll use.
If you make this, this area is optional power This can be public or private
But this time make it public
Place 8 Create Repository button If you press it as it is, create a repository with this
can do
Once you have created a repository, you will surely manage the structure.
It's the management method at that time, but in fact, there are various commands written here.
Take this command to get along with the station
It's okay if you do it, so first of all
Cut it with this cut knit command.
Let's keep this file, right now I was doing documents
Dale says
In terms of Diectry, this is really the application name.
It was good and good Days Somewhere Horse Racing Ity
But for a moment, I'll leave it and carve it here. Well, I've been doing it for a long time.
If you enter Days with a docker file or a source file, it will be from a file
In a lump, that Jectoil Bacco is the best
Let's come to the place of the route above and execute the knitting & knitting
This is done once when the repository is initialized and created by executing with
If you add a second time that can only be executed, it will be a herai, so please execute it only once
Yes, this puts it under the control of a behavioral audit
So continue. I will add Git Ignoa
That. Kit is a file that doesn't need version control.
Is to be removed from Git's version control section from its version control
That confidential information, for example, the snow in the confidential information database
There is a risk of information leakage if a person like the follow-up information is cut off and uploaded to Hanyu
It's something like that
Another story is the installed library this time.
ruby minor It is a library with your own file.
If you download it, you can enter it
Code
There is no need to manage the change history in particular, so such files are
To cut dots, create a file and list the files there.
By specifying
You can remove it from version control, but in fact it is fine rail that goes dot bit
It's prepared by default.
There is a little day
Let's keep it under the sauce
Try using it as a source tape, so if you say 3 f
There is a .hip Atliviuts and the file in the form of cutting.
This is the perfect kid for you
I have to be right under the project
It's tiny, isn't it? Eater's two files from the previous cat to the first floor df
I will move it to the direction directly below
Arch Well, I wondered what to do, but it didn't work for a while, but after all it was led.
Command read
a move
If you let the source's .cut and ignore files go to the current directory
Move's sauce.
And move Attribution 2 to the current directory
By doing this 8 If you do this Dumi, Wacka
There is, but the project is fighting to cut dots a little.
Later the Rivius file is coming
So what I want to do next is to make it like this.
If you want to delete the .git repository directly under the source, as distribution a
Look in the source directory
When you look at it, uh, the meaning of distribution is all, but this.
It ’s a hit file, right?
This is actually made by knitting like green onions, but this is so
If you dance in the stick, you will get an error like managing 20 in the green onion.
you know
So I'm going to delete this one for a moment
remove distribution rf source with .git files
I specified that this distribution is rf
It means to receive a directory or all files
Let's do this Now you have a cake case
Yes
After doing that, a little bit of a .fitting file
I'm going to fix it here. Please burn the file if you cut it.
Here
A list of various files is displayed, and these are Rafael's Git management section
You can be high
This time I put all the sauces
I'm basically going to sleep with a source as a prefix for all of this
I will try to match the structure of the directory
Source source so
Like this, I will add the number of nests to all
hungry
Welcome
Good
Well, it's a little annoying, but I'm wearing it little by little
8 I've finished attaching this, it's hot a
Actually, there was something I wanted to do about one more thing.
Well, now the information in that database
I'd like you to take a look at the db of the directory.
But that
dba By the way, there is mysql data, so after all
mysql
Run now
There is data inside. The data currently being executed has nothing to do with the total number code.
I'd like to cut it a little and remove it from the league.
The mysql data in the source database and where this chami is specified
To say
Docker compose file beyond
It was dug in the locker compose file database.
Data source for card loackers taken to share volume stay data
It is specified as the dance spl data of db.
Existence here, data is made here, etc. There is no particular need for this
So this guy doesn't need the source version Alice.
I'll keep it
Yes, I'm happy. I'm cutting the file, so I'm going to commit and push
I'm going to skip it this time I think I'll go ahead with the basics according to the procedure
I'll change it a little and I'll change it a little.
8 Bassaha I'm going to add it to the stage in the change to commit first
The point is Git at and surely commit is a set
You can add all the files to the staging at once with a quick after.
I'm sure it's warm and I'm sure it's a commit distribution
m first commit and
Since there is, if you execute this, you can commit with this parse and commit
I will commit with a commit message called
I've made a commit, but I'm sure the plan area hyphen m is the main one.
Switch to the Eva main branch and create a name branch
When I go, a
And then pit remote at ori g
So this time I created this url of the repository, but with the origin
Easy to his repository cat repository on the ticket hub by registering for the name
I will make it accessible to
Yes, run here
I'm sure I'll push the executive bonds.
I will push the main branch in response to the sound of cutting and swinging
Yes, I should have been able to push with this, so I'm sure I should go to Hanyu's page and Hokkai this page
I will reload the homepage once when I try to enter
This is my repository
Raise somewhere in a place called auction t Like this now the sound of a bell
All the source code has been uploaded.
Yes, I'm sure Hanyu's place is complete.
Let's continue into ci
From here using circle ci
Build ci so that the test runs every time when it is pushed to Hanyu
To go
First of all, I will write the test code. Test and face with that cak.
Since it will be executed, first of all, since there is no sest code now, let's write the test code
After that, I will register the circle cio for the time being.
Next, register a project on the circle ci
I will register the project because there is a problem.
Before the config file, set the circle ci configuration file confill.
I will continue
Then set the environment variables for the circle match
After that, I'm ready to go that far, so I'm sure I'll push it.
Depeche horse
The Teike Spring test should be done automatically
First of all, in fact, I set it so that the test explained by Puffer will fail.
And after a little test, at a house like Toll
It's a place where you can change to a festival or something like falling only at the beginning
I want you to experience it
In the Middle Ages with test code
I will do it in the flow of letting the code fall asleep
Let's start with the sound test code
First of all, we will build heart love and screw farmers the test.
Ideas First, let's prepare the sound test. Now, the test code is actually a little part.
I have prepared and open the source code here.
I spent a lot of time, but there was a plague, and I tested it.
2 Torsion control nars did
There is a file called user number controller test. Loopy
It's already made When you make a cheap controller for this, it's made automatically
I'm going to play with this action a little this time I'm commenting out now
I have a guy
9 Comments
out, please release it, it's a caregiver, this is a simple test asserted and true
De
I'm going to go through the test method cram school, but if this is simple, I suddenly false in the morning
Let's try to fail the test
It's the first time you fall, and then you go down the street, so you'll experience it this time.
I want to visit
I'm thinking, so I'll make it false.
I think I'd like to carry out a head test.
Let's start the sound container
If you run the poison test once it is running
Is a test on this pose exe web
Manduru Bundle Baby and Band Exec
rape
It's executed in the form of a test. This is a lake test.
Can be tested with the Bandrail Clause Lake Test
Yes, I was able to run the test.
Because it's a failer, the test has failed.
Well, I can execute the quest safely if the test fails with False Titanium.
I'm testing it, so this is perfect
Well, I was able to write the test before, so I went back to the browser and circle ci
Let's register the ridge Search for circle ci and click here
Circle match homepage
Please open it because it says registration here
Please do this registration when you register
There is one important thing here
Please choose to log in with that ticket hub
If you register this, it's quite important, so please choose to log in at the hub.
I'm sure it's a sub
If you log in, it will work together, right? I'm sure it will work with Circle ci.
Herbs
In the circle share dipper you need to shake the cat colors I'm sure it's hard
Please choose
And I'm a little wondering
If you are an account, I think you should log in to the comprehensive login destination.
If you log in with yes, it will come out like this
Yes, if you log in
Next, I will register the circle ci project.
Here's the project mark from now on, but I don't know because Project 2 is out now.
but
At the project, hey, I'm sure Abe made it, I'm sure Hanyu
If you can do John Repository Poipu Word, it's called rail popularization kyt.
When it comes to the repository that I made the sound with the hub earlier, this raise is somewhere
Click on the setup project for kyt Yes
The Rin art config file that I did here is
When you click on it, something is wrong with it.
Something went wrong with Strikeout Gwen and he said he couldn't field in the project.
I'm coming
I don't know why, but I can't help it because it came out.
Manual setup
Did you add the patty file? Ah, I'm here now. Circle match 4 pin
fan
rca It's an Amur file today, isn't it?
Well, this time I can do a quadruple setup of the project like this
If it is ok
Let's set it up Head This soccer is a little messy
I got it
Circle ci is a dot just below this project
Create a directory called "That" and put a file in it that says "Break the fig"
I'm going to make this Cofiamur by always writing the circle scene settings Circle ci
It works with
Because it's a day, it's just a matter of creating a cat sound file.
In terms of config settings, if it's this .circle, config
I will make something to take and quit and write it here
Yes
Hey, go back to the browser, not the browser, head back to this side
8 First of all, make the file display a little bigger and put it directly under this.
Dot circle ci
Let's create a directory and cone with files under it
I will make a file to break with a dildo.
Rotate the file Circle scene settings
I'm going to write it, so I'm sorry I did a little trick called copy and paste
Please that defeat a little
I wrote it in advance, I prepared it or a little
I pasted it and knew it
Please let me open Yeosu with my husband.
It takes a long time to go home, so copy it a little
Let me explain with my dad, so I will stop even in this way Set the circle share setting for the file
As I write, I will declare the version first as a way of writing The version is 2.1
Write this orp st and then enter the rupee circle cil b
I write it as a turn
What is the decoration? Well, I define a core training job.
There are many people who say orb. Jobs are predefined by simple processing in Oma.
It will be a function that you can share it
Well, I think that you, who are ionized, will be able to use it for this job.
so
As for the whole picture of 8 files, after making a declaration of the premise here
It will be in the form of defining a job, so I can build it this time
A job called test
I want to avoid this for a moment and see the whole picture.
There is a workflow diagram
I'm making a build & test this time with a workflow
First build as Jobs in the upper part
It is essential to do the test next and to do the test First of all, the build will be done first
Declared
Why is it a structure? First of all, there are quite a few workflow diagrams in Chiryuko, and they are defined in this workflow.
If you do it in the order in which it was done
In the cat workflow, first build and run the test as a job in
Why it is defined
Circle share In this way, we define auxiliary work and carry out survival in what order.
You can decide that kind of thing like this.
Let's take a look at the contents of the job First of all in the job
There are builds and tests respectively
Let's start with the cat growing
Go with the build
What are you doing today?
Baby band rain story I'm just doing it, but in this building
First of all, the cat circle ci that is also known as Docker
I specified the image when running this build with, and if you use one, it will be a circle
ci
Meaning ruby ​​2.7
Since there is an image, I am using that image this time
Where do you work in the sea?
Something bad about the rails in the home directory I should fix it a little, so a little
Lots of lines
Should be fixed to Welsh docker kyt
That high school has that point of caution, and this is the sound of cutting and hugging
Please keep the same name as the repository name
I'm sure the hub
Since the repository name is I'm a rail popular kyt, use the same repository name as that
If you keep it, I like the egg sauce below it with the basic number of tasks
I'll specify the ectry, what to do as a step
I will write it in the job as well Check
Press cart at this checkout
8 It's cut into the Dale Stocker directory of this home directory
And the repository
I'm doing something like checking out to copy Art brother 9 here
Zu colors Hey Lippon Please be sure to look at the spring repository.
Days popular kyt repository
When a checks out, it goes to this directory.
Next, this ruby ​​installation teps is this bundle installation
When it comes to commands that execute
This is the effect of the voice golden king rps, but if you use orbs, the band list will be displayed.
It's like this when you use it
This orbs where you can easily do it by deciding some trouble
I'm using
This is the contents of the build job. Next, I will not look at the contents of the test job.
hand
It's not a little book, but where is the test job?
Nemachi It will be the execution environment of the circle ci that I said earlier
Since it is necessary to hit the database with the test splash, the first thing to do is to execute it
Childcare using application is hey beer 2.7
The database will use mysql 5.5 mysql 5.5 South
Circle ci's dance stn version Gotengo, so the database meeting environment
Variables here
Set the mysql u root password as an environment variable
password
Previous
If the scan database is up, the mysql user will be the root
Is
And this is that
Well, here is the high-fill app gacha under the source by looking at the source code.
I'd like you to open the data to quit.
I wonder if this is the place for the test
If you look at, it's data, but it's uptested.
a This is also a mysql database uptest
I'm here, but this area
It feels like they are aligned, so the password is here, and the information to where is tested to the default
If you look at it, it's a password password.
This is the mysql password
Password and sheet ske user
In this case, the user name is the root, so this is also an example for Esk users.
It is in the form of doing
Yes, then this was the database environment variable.
As an environment variable for the entire sound of this test job
Bundle Jobs
By calculation & Luna Ditry
After that
Up database host Only here is a little different, this is 127001
That 12 001 means that I mean that computer.
I will specify this. The rail wire part is a test and this is the update base host
Actually, this database and the setting when painting
It ’s different, it ’s a little later, this person ’s a little setting.
I'm going to change it. I'll explain the mattress cover.
Yes, my husband also works in a place called a working directory.
You're wrong
8 emails somewhere kyt
Good luck rail popularization ky tee's
It is good to go with the source, and I will work on the command after this
Defines the job to be executed in steps
First of all, when you check out the source code from the Gitto repository
In place l Check out for the kyt sequel
It's thin with baby installation
I will do bundle installation again and band 0 before running the test
After installing
I need to set up a database Band League Festival Rail Housing Crate
Execute the command
That's the actual thing
Alphanumeric migration I haven't made anything, I don't have to write this, but it's actually a calculator
Database vibration is required when developing, so I will write it here for the time being
increase
Database migration If you can do it every hour, continue to run the test
In the bundle execution test as a command
test
Well, if you look back on the whole thing a little more
Jobs will run a build test in the workflow diagram
Speaking of what we are doing in the build, we are doing the contents of steps now, so first of all
Check out the source code from the bit repository
Jobs when bundle installation with Dexter
8 For test jobs, the job is defined in steps here.
First so
Check out the source code and do the same bundle install again
If you can, set up a data racer
Do it for the time being and migrate
And finally, when I run the production test, when I come to Paddle Exek, I give a command
I'm doing that, so I've set it up so far
Then, this time, I went to the person who broke the config database a little while ago.
I think I'll fix this content
It hurts to rewrite the value of the host rice.
host name By default, it has a dpt value of database.
That's right, this is the cooperation at the time of docker composition
It's a child band for me, but I haven't used any packaging for Circle ci.
This time, if you can't specify the cat body vdu, you'll be the host there.
I want to use environment variables for a moment, so I want to click somehow
right
Copy this a little and use it as an environment variable a 8 updater called host
If you specify, db only when it does not exist
I mean, this is the environment
If the value of variable up database host is set, that
If it's not steamed and set using it as the value for this host, it's called dp in the string
I am trying to set
When I run the test with that old money, I'm going to use the pose somewhere now
I'm trying to take the value of db here, in the circle ci
The environment variable is an upload database host.
If you specify it, you will not use the pause anymore, so if you use the value specified in the environment variable
That's why
So, for the time being, if you go back to Confivia Blue, it's a good idea to check it up.
Because it's a base post, it's an environment variable test
This is a job updater. Set environment variables on the host.
If it's 12 hits, it's 001. Why use this as the post value for 9 games?
I have the setting
Well, now that we have the settings around config, let's continue with the environment variable settings.
I'm going to do circle ca
I'm sure the Hanyu-like source code will be brought
I can do it, so it ’s actually 8.
There is a missing file in the circle game, but the app
Inheritance There are files that can't be moved. What is that?
It ’s the one who listens.
If you look at the 8 source code, you can see it in the source config.
Well, this is master. There is something to ask, so this is ok
It's a star key, this is Rails
I need to commit, but this is a little bit black and white and gray to people Gray out at least
I wonder if you can understand this, but in fact, the pain of cutting is specified in the file and it is cut
I'm off the land
I'm sure it hasn't been uploaded to Habucho.
So well intentionally
If it is specified in the file to cut off, just a to run the source code
Well, I need this value, so these guys
As an environment variable
I'm going to specify it No, I'm opening the terminal
Hellock corn figure
Let's specify it in the environment variable of 6 with at and add it.
As an environment variable, rails and bursters
There was a key
If you add this in
First of all, the value of the cat with my younger brother
I will paste it and register it
distribution
Distribution Yale's Dockern
Let's register in the form of kyt
Now that you've set the environment variables, you're ready to move the circle ci ridge.
Let's push to the rice ticket hard, commit and push
Even in lid word
Do you want to go through all the changes? Add it to the staging and commit to cut it. Yes
Write a commit message in hem Come on
Glue 7 ac Move the eye to move 4 ea Boo Boo File Patty
Commit message
Well what kind of thing for what
It ’s a basic way to write as if you did
Yes, let's commit this and push it
It's bad now, I have one store, I'm Capbranch at the pit plan house
I'm sure the person at the police box now is a little Doran
Boo Boo for a while First, I'm going to grudge and then I'll enter.
It ’s the basic flow.
The bit switch that was completely installed is a little slow, but when it is turned off, the switch is high
Flash
This time ummm ci is set chassis
Let's keep the crown ci car
I'd like to check with the branch, but ci's day Plancha Sochiro
I'm sorry
After moving the branch of, cut and push and push in the form of gci
I made a mistake in the launcher timing here, but I will develop it like this
increase
Idea, let's open the pushed Negito hub
This is ci hat d set [ __ ].
Then press the tab called Pull Request.
If you make a new pull request here, it is a base flight base person
The main computer is the ci I made earlier.
This way from ci
Make changes to the main branch and make a net you pull request
It will be in the form of making
Now let's press the button called Create pull request
Philly title is good and creates from well to night
Press the pull request button and you can now create a pro request
Was
In a here
You should take a look at it. It's in there now. Circula ci.
Now that I've added the Kushiageya config file, I'll paste it, cut it, and push it to the hub.
And the circle ca moves automatically.
Let's open this in a separate tab at the reraise
detail Just the right amount of money to open
The circle ci is moving, isn't it? The day circle finish is just moving
It ’s a band wreath, etc.
Bundle installation for the building now It will be in the form of being implemented on the circle ci now
I'm landing like this now.
I understand the result and it will be displayed here again.
Rose
I'm in the middle of the process, so when the skewers and tests are over, this one will be automatically
This one too
If the test passes, the check will be beautiful.
If the pace or slows down, the part will come out.
Yes, it ’s sticky, and it ’s working at the timing of the circle match pusher.
I was able to set ci
Well then, let's wait until the test money we went a little is over.
time
Tatsutone-chan has finished building and Sasuke has fallen.
Here's a green check to see if this is working and a red rape check
Let's open the test book without any details.
If you open this and you can see where it is falling, everything is going well halfway.
Go well and go well
I'm doing the last test, and when I try it, I run the bundle exec lake test
hand
Well, when I became a failer, I want you to remember this for a moment.
You say you know the test because you did chili.
When the test fails, it becomes a button like this until it comes, and this is a little for people
Therefore, I may be able to press it.
If it falls, it's a merge pull request.
That button is a button that merges that guitar with this change, isn't it?
If you do a broly quest and do this
It means that the changes will be merged into the main and lunch.
I can't do this if something like a guest falls.
And now, it ’s my repository, so even if the test fails because the authority is the strongest.
Well, I might be able to press this serious button
Well, if it's a test that doesn't make a peaceful sound, you can set permissions so that you can't press it.
And
And I have to keep pushing the enemy at times.
I will keep it as a service item shooting by making it into a shape because it will not be changed and turned around
increase
So remember that this is a white frame for now, the bread 2 minute test
Hey
Reached --- this changed to a green frame
Please remember for a moment.
The test has failed from now on, so please fix it best.
After passing the test properly, merge so that it can be merged
When I was asked to do it and looked at the test code
This is 8 users
The user's control without the controller of such a test of fest is the test
If you try to open the file, the sound will also be asserted to false and erased, but it will drop temporarily
I want to do it
Let's make this true Course How should I pass
Well, I'm testing Maako Sake.
Let's go
8 voices to docker compose exec n bundle exec
a 9 Let's run the test in the form of a test
First, modify it so that it goes through the fest code and run it locally.
It ’s the result of the learning that I did.
That the test has passed safely
Since I passed the test, I will push the winter corps Segi and I'm sure it will be a back dot
Kid commit hyphen m and a
Test code to pass
Let's push the behavior into the form of correction
Knit push ollie gci with a blancher called ci
I will push it in the shape
No, dci If you push with this
You can see this by looking at Hokkai Kiri and Hanyu.
6 times test turns around and runs caution
Armor First of all, I ran the build and it was already over
If you continue to run the test, I will wait for a while before this test is over.
Yes, when the test money is over, it ’s all checked by Hanyu Perth.
It's like I passed all the checks
Check the light rain, see the test
The ginkgo test method that most of the buildings have taken.
Well, this kind of flipper is allowed and arranged for the last execution site test
You're passing by
Looking at the test, I ran the band execution test and learned everything
I passed the test Yes Day
If you get tired of drying this nine tails, it's all a circle chateau.
It ’s okay to be a sunbird, right?
Now that you can do it, press this and walk seriously with Far Marge GEOS
This is it
There are changes for the main crunch
When it is imported, delete ci It is imported into the plan house and not used delete
Let's pratch
If you want to have lunch, this is it. I was looking at the code.
I know it's gone, but I like the main branch.
There are already 8 modified resales and the lowest. Circle ci files are also included.
The changes made earlier have been incorporated into
It worked, right? As the last mountain task
so
When I cut it earlier, Hanyu corrected the changes, so it was taken in and I didn't do gymnastics in the corridor.
I'm going to do it for you
Water wisdom
Let's switch to the main latch first in the form of wisdom main
If you switch to the main crunch, the origin of the standing top against the main branch
In the form of the main, I'm sure Hanyuba will also change the main branch.
I will take it to the kamen branch, but this
With people
Yes, it's over. Ci Gold is completed.
good
Dream points are good every time they are pushed
If you put the circle share setting file, the test will be executed on the day it is pushed
It means that
As we saw earlier, if you can't press the Nemaji button, this will tell you.
Only the school that passed the test
You can now merge the code princess
It ’s automatic that you can keep it constant.
This is the point of ci. Yes, from Diapo.
Let's go by the way Yes, from here, use that circle ci to main
If this is merged by the planner, this time it will automatically visit the code Kim He 6
With a professional set
I will set the sound so that it will be blackened.
I will add the sound setting of cd
Environment variables in Desert Set environment variables for private use, and in fact this is a little change
I dared to change that cut and Hanyu
And the umbrella's is deployed in the view file so you can see it a
I will modify the file of the city name and write the change above for the day
If you can do that, you can actually commit to the lip hub and push
If you push and merge with, see this white deployed
I think I should go. First, let's take a look at this sound development plan.
Standing and water tics
Life c this time cd
I want to make a branch I'm sure switch distribution ccd
I will do it in the form of lunch Match that will add functions properly this time
Don't forget to cut the branch
Oh yeah, there's something else I should do, so it's not that important
I'm
When I list the branches in the bid branch, I just mentioned cie
I don't use abduction, so use Kidbranch hyphen dci.
Let's delete the ci branch.
You can see that
But let's start with Pofil's habits
Circle ci nodo
And the file to stop with the corfield of circle ci
Please open it I will modify the contents of this sound breaking file
Well, first of all
Well, first of all, I will add a little bit to orbs this time
Let's use the circle ci club rock at 123 of Fe 6
I think
It is the one who will support you again in the future.
Then Eiko
What do you want to do
At the booth, there is only a view test right now, but here is the addition of pretty
I will try
That's why I named Jobs this little name Build & Test
I'm
Present a build
And the child about Ando
Build and start with a black name and fix this is no good cocoa
Castle in 8 Well, in Germany, it ’s a warp ’s or a tower that I ’ll write first, but this deployment
If you add a job called
Well, this is 8 require and lip wire 2 is a little
Excuse me
If you specify it for the ridge test as much as D
In addition to this time, before that, the main plastic maju again
I want to deploy with Filters
This bra
You should have sex with the egg cheese
Only in main plastic
views tests are always run on the day they are pushed
Deploy Jobs
When this change to the main branch is tight when the main punch is merged
is it
This deploy job will be running
Yes, this time I'm going to add the upper part of the pride year here. So this time
Let me copy that a little bit, there is a lot of source code
It will take time to write in. Please let me be a little stiff.
I will copy and paste the one I wrote in advance
If you add a preface to the repro, it's here.
Where to deploy
Add dockern execution environment
Somewhere
As an image, I used something like the beanie bank of the circle ci.
I'll go, so on page steps
I will do the job to execute First, check out the source code of Negitto Hanyu
To do
By using the setup remote toker with this, you can use Docker in this
Cannot use command
You can see it over there by looking at it for a moment, but I don't use the ker command.
Let's put this in, to be exact, that wide
It's a basic push and container lease, but there is a Docker command to move this
I have to
It doesn't work, so I put it in.
After this time, I'm going to do a deployment scam with the 6 no command, so 6 install
Because it's called
6 I will install the Komae help command, so log in with this
Is it a stall?
This orbs is orbs I added a wide range of destinations, but this is hey
By leaving
6 Just write like installation
It's still a matter of saying that you can install six commands.
And when that kind of preparation is done, next time I will actually execute the command from here
First of all, please log in to 6
It ’s the same as if you went with a cocoa loacker.
Well, I didn't do anything special with cat
Circle cig the same thing that comes in a loacker
It's just running on the outing cloud. First, let's make it sound 626.
Let's
As a band, I will log in widely.
If you log in politely to Dehe Rokune, then build an image somewhere and push it.
To go
F 6 Underlying push web and distribute a name in the application
In the environment variable, specify the lockup name and pass it.
I haven't specified this yet, so I'll set the environment variables after this.
Hey
Build the image, push it, and then continue
We will release the image Hair 6 Distribution to the underlying release
Elk up day 6 so I have an image
I'm going to release it in a little while
Well, I played for the time being, then I said database setup and the table
Let's also migrate
6 bullets bar
& Exec leg dp my great Heller all production
Hyphen Ehehe 6 In the form of an upname
Well, I'll do it, so by doing this
Well, this time it's a version of this, even though it's a table that says many times
You don't have to do Asama, but if you can update the bottom of the database
At the end of the sleep, just look back at the big picture and do a build test with Jobs
Even if you define it, you added the deployment this time
If you try to do it after the splash test
But if you do it only for the main plan house without a filter
Sheetd monthly
What to do is step in the definition of the deploy job
If you decide to do energy and first check out the source code and bring it with you
Let's use 8 docker commands
Heroku & I will make it usable First of all after preparing in advance
6 If you log in with the underlying login, then
Pe 6 Build an image with the underlying push web and go to 6
I'll push it towards the registry
It's ready, he's Rokune Tena-from this Imaten registry with the release
Release some image and lease it to 6
I'm going to start the exo docker container. Finally, as a bonus.
Let's run the migration of the database table db
Yes this yeah config. You have added a cd setting for breaking
Next, we will set environment variables.
The environment of the circle ci required to deploy from that circle ci to He 6
It ’s a variable.
Let's set it this time. Set the environment variable on that circle ci.
I need to open the circle ci a little, so it's painful
Search for no and keep this open
I will log in. After logging in
From the project a
Well, somewhere on the Nails Rail, kyt.
I'm going to choose, I chose it, right now I'm wearing a coach
8 There is something like Project Settings, so click on it
There are salt by amen and variables, so add environment variables here.
Do it like this Circle
Let's add environment variables to uci
at Sono Bia Ramen Tobaya Pariapur, so enter your name and value
I will add
It ’s an additional smart hellock-up name, right?
I'm using an environment variable called 6 up Dave inside.
Even up
The ferro-clap name was Rail Zudoa kyt.
Let's get this and add it like this
So if you can add this one, I'll add another one
Press the button again
Well, it's McCoy, isn't it?
I have to set it
To set it up, I'll do it here.
Please open the lock a little
Log in to 6
Please tell me this on strike without setting
8 It's 8 If you go down here, you can set it up. Then, your heart api key
So please copy here and paste it here.
I'm in trouble if I show it, so I thought I was a little when I went
Yes, I have also registered the api key of Erogu.
Now that we have set the environment variables, we will modify the debut file.
Let's open the source code
And the total number of wins
I hate that
Gauge
User's index .htm s Please open here What do you want to do this time
I mean
If you can play with, I want the display contents to be changed, so I will not write it here
Let's simply go to Hello World Let's add two exclamation marks this time
By adding this or this, cd is 0 volumes
Why was it deployed? There are two additional big back sites that say there are no files.
Hey
You can see that the play was successful with cd money.
So let's check if it will start even if it is local.
Everything is in love I changed I first check with the ocher
See you old man
Calhos and localhost 3000
I'm sweating Hello Whirl Big Mac 3 It's working well, right? Voice
It seems that it will work, so let's cut it and push it toward Hanyu
Git at. Kit included
And distribution m
Set the pool donkey cd for cd
Let's write this time like adding
ada gid push ollie gcd so push in the cd branch
I will continue
Yes, with a voice c I pushed it, so let's take a look at Hanyu
I'm sure if you look at the herbs, 8 in this way cd Hatley [ __ ]
The cd branch is good and the worst
Press this button to make a pre-request this time and make a spotchaniple request
Is the same
Let's press this button Um
The big snake bass is the main and the compound is cd, so for cd
By adding the setting of
pull request to
I'll do it Yes If you make a Ripley Quest 8 I understand
That was a build error
Let's take a look. Come on, there's a curtain on the pressure.
Is falling
When I try this day with Debezone, I get a config file with an error.
It seems that the attack is a file, so I made a mistake in writing it.
Let's take a look at the compute files
And config. If you look at breaking
I'll make it a little tiny and see if there are any mistakes
Yeah yeah
It feels a little suspicious
This only main place Kanahe 8
I was stuck here right now, let's talk a little bit about this
The sound build I just made has an error message here. It looks suspicious.
Because it runs in the atmosphere
I'm going to talk about this for a moment and write it.
8 Let's talk about this and push a little lit push again.
I'm sure art. Kit with comics
Distribution m and
Since the format of the stop file was wrong, let's commit in the form of correction
Lid push origin I will push in the form of chili
Yes, I was able to push it. Let's go to the browser again.
a Then one Sark Konoe I'm sure it's on Hanyu again Circle ci
I want you to turn around well this time when you're done with Korechia
I will
Yes, I want to go well. It's a big check half pass.
If you take a look, it has passed the build test.
The other party is Matt s who pushed with this
A build test will be executed, so let's turn this
Merge pull request and merge this farm
Let's erase the old blancher.
The deployment should run
Let's see if the repro is running Circle sci
Mone, this one is open and love is a circle cr.
Raise to the project I'm trying kyt, but what's the worst thing to do with cat voice
I can see
Then when I'm covered with green onions
I'm a professional with the test, I'm saying, the build was done properly and the test is running now
is
Probably if the play is done properly with this
It should reflect the correction, right? Wait a minute, look forward to it.
Let's
If you look at it high, the ply has a green check mark in the sound.
Deadly is complete Actually, the cat's deployment is checked before and after that
It will take some time at the end of the reflection.
If you look at the direction and look at the log
I know what the situation is now, so I can check the situation by looking at it.
Chami
If you can do it, well, leave it for the time being
It's Herok, Perocope Hyphen, Helais
Let's open the sound app for 6 people with the locker kyt Yes
I got an application error. Actually, when I saw the high log, I
I thought it was displayed in a strange way
I thought I was suspicious
Well, that's the error.
hey
No, look at the log.
Why did you look at the face that caused the error?
Actually, I'm going to say back now, it worked, so I thought I'd break this
I don't know
Well, why did you get an error from the feather elog?
Analyze
I'm going to go out a little puffy, so there are a lot of things like this, but it's a little
I'm looking for a nice place
I'm dealing with a lot of things, but I'm recording a lot of things, but 8 I'm not sure
I'm still looking for a hot guy
increase
It's not a Charize block voice
I feel like this guy was made up a little more
Ah, this is probably a child. Well, what happened is the rail.
Puma started at the meeting when the server was started and Puma is a web server
is not it
Then the good luck sting is over
If you look at it, a
Ballet and secret key base missing secret key
With Base 4 Production Empire Ramen
Um, this child's private key
I couldn't find a secret key base
It's strange if there is an error in the story
It's hate
I think you set the master key with that environment variable.
If you set it, your eyes will tell you that it's not set properly, this is an error
I think
If you set it, it shouldn't be this
I finished Rob for a moment 8
Ales to rock corn fig distribution
Eh, my mother and brother are in the form of Itti.
Let's check the ride inside
Looking at the rails master
Chi
0 heels
Set the master key and r is probably this
The key is keey, so I'm running a sign that I'm typing
Let's check 8 for a moment Don't type in the video
What is the value of the environment variable in the two Digi boxes?
You can see the inside of the device and it's the source
Pro action in Um Garden Via Ramen 2 in the config. Ruby
It says that you should actually set this here, right? 8 Environment
Master key without rails in variables
Please set it. It's written because it's written in mind, but it's also the case.
right
Welsh master keey keey
Then, looking at the file above, what I want to set is horse racing.
It was the best
There are many types of me this time.
8 That's why the room is here
Shall we start over
I'm sure Heroku is a figure
I don't want to type this time, so I will copy it from here
Rales master key and master key without email
If you want to set it in Tonan, use the mustard and key values.
I will copy the value of the master lot key and paste it here to design
And at
If I had it, I had to add an up. Distribution al Zu
Edo ah kay t and
No, it's a big deal to see that it's a little difficult to get environment variables even if you can set environment variables
I think
In the system, this time the rails master key is not registered, maybe by voice
I think it will work
In hand
And the master key, hellok cone fick
You can also unlock the master key with one set, so if you type it, let's unlock it.
No
If you leave it, it will be a source of confusion, so I will release it.
I should have been able to release it with this
If it is a head, let's check it with 6 config for the time being
Student, it's just the Rails Master Key
It's perfect, but the information on environment variables has been updated by voice.
I think I'll start over from deploying a little.
Um, that sound once
The page of the work ca is 9
work Workflow Ne You can start over from the beginning, right?
By doing this, I built a big build and as a host
Turning the ply with
This time, I didn't modify the source code and just changed the environment variables.
Do it all over again with the build car and go here without letting go of that cut Pepsi.
I'm going to circle and redeploy with love, so wait for a while
Well then, when I looked at it, I heard that the play was finally checked.
See you again, let's open Heroku with
6 in the form of a Welsh dock type
That
Application error
Are you serious
hey hey
Well, let's take a look at the log of episode 5 of love song.
I will look at it in the form of low goods
If you look at the log with, 8 This time there is something wrong with the error.
Um, a bind toe called Process Pale
Dollar Port within 120 Seconds of Launch
It's because I couldn't port bind within 2 minutes now. That child's eyes
This or this is fine, in front of this
a
I think I changed the alpine degree setting of the port for 60 seconds from 60 seconds to 120 seconds with my income.
However, even if I change it to 120 seconds, I can not bind it.
This is a little bit and there is no way to prevent it
I haven't tried this with Menko Aaron of He 6 but saxophone
If you say big, if you pay for each prefecture, I think this will not cause any problems.
I do
In the current situation, I would cut this, so if these happen, I give up and try again
Let's build
Just because it's in, I ran the build again from here.
Wait yes
It ’s a professional movie, it ’s over, it ’s a little hey, it ’s a failure, and it ’s actually that.
Because I redeployed several times, I pressed the button at the same time and failed once
I'm crazy
The new horse hasn't been deployed yet. Let's check here.
First of all, let's open 6 sounds.
When I try it
of
Ohhh
In the world, I made three Vicky marks and called and it worked.
The reason why I moved to the opening now and didn't move weakly
It's been 2 minutes, so it seems to be the cause of the time-out moving part.
Maybe Maya-sama I said earlier and tried it, but with hellock wood and a paid plan
Well, I raised the new specs
I think there is something that will work better, but since it has been made free this time
A little error like this
It will happen, but I hope you understand that it is a little rough.
But for the time being, this was reflected properly.
I'm thinking about it, I'm a little addicted to it
Well but a little
There was a surplus, but by all means the process of debugging cats, I feel like this.
For reference
Well, I hope it will be a little helpful. I wanted to make more videos.
But
I'll leave the video as a reference, so I'll always think about it on the main branch.
After merging
It came to be deployed by Jiro.
Every time I play with timeout problem
It's a bottleneck only where it occurs, but basically the internet is also convenient.
It's in a state, but it's also building ci cd.
You're done with this, just the development environment
Not that you can use it before in a production environment
I can do it so far I won't put it anywhere until I can do it Practically
I think I can handle it
Well then, let's look back on what we did in this course from here.
You learned the basic operation method of the image and somehow Pontener.
Then learn how to write a file somewhere and do it yourself
Create a file somewhere, launch the image and make a container
I went to the point where I could start it, and then somewhere now use the pose
Develop multiple services at the same time with the application and this database
I learned about that kind of thing.
How do you use one in production?
When I went there, I went to a form that accompanies it
linux command
Suddenly cut and hub again to Circle Sea with He 6
And I learned a place called cacd
I've learned a wide range of related knowledge.
Please be confident and use one in the future.
This is about learning
First of all, please try to build an environment from scratch.
At that time, I think there are things that I don't understand.
There are still some station notes that I haven't explained about this steel material.
Please refer to the official document and try it.
By actually trying it, you can get this dirt
From the state you know, it will become a shame that you can really use yourself
Yes, it was a long course, but thank you very much for watching until the end
See you again